Section: Introduction
==================================================

TO ALL STOCK EXCHANGES BSE LIMITED NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE June 3, 2024 Dear Sir/ Madam, Sub: Notice of the 43rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) and Integrated Annual Report 2023-24 In compliance with the Companies Act 2013, rules framed thereunder and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time, please find enclosed Notice convening the 43rd AGM of shareholders and the Integrated Annual Report 2023-24 which will be sent to the shareholders through electronic mode. The 43rd AGM will be held on Wednesday, June 26, 2024, at 4.00 p.m. IST through video conference and other audio-visual means (VC). The following reports will be made available on the Company’s website : Name of the report Website link 43rd AGM Notice and Integrated Annual Report https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/annual- 2023-24 (including Business Responsibility and report/annual-reports/ar-2023-24.html Sustainability Report). Infosys Foundation’s Annual Report 2023-24 https://www.infosys.com/infosys- foundation/about/reports/documents/infosys-foundation- report-2023-24.pdf Information at glance: Particulars Details Time and date of AGM 4:00 p.m. IST, Wednesday, June 26, 2024 Mode Video conference and other audio-visual means Participation through video-conferencing https://agm.onwingspan.com/InfosysAGM Helpline number for VC participation +91-80-4156 5555 / +91-80-4156 5777 Webcast and transcripts https://www.infosys.com/Investors/ Final dividend and Special dividend record date Friday, May 31, 2024 Final dividend and Special dividend payment date Monday, July 1, 2024 Information of tax on Final dividend and Special https://www.infosys.com/investors/shareholder- dividend services/dividend-tax.html Cut-off date for e-voting Wednesday, June 19, 2024 E-voting start time and date 9:00 a.m. IST, Friday, June 21, 2024 E-voting end time and date 5:00 p.m. IST, Tuesday, June 25, 2024 E-voting website of NSDL https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ This is for your information and records. For Infosys Limited A.G.S. Manikantha Company Secretary Generative AI and You Integrated Annual Report 2023-24 Gen AI: Ushering in the next era of business We barely saw it happen. AI walking into our lives. Through improving the quality of code, and even enhancing the ads that follow us on social media. The personalized personal and organizational productivity. They also clearly pick of movies and shows. Our cars. The maps helping us see that the advent of generative AI, with potential for navigate. Right there in our hands – our super-powerful more pervasive automation, will accelerate the pace of phones. And now, it’s happening again. This time with workforce transformation. Talent, across functions, will generative AI. In the form of handy tools – like ChatGPT, need support to imbibe new skills, and some will even prep MetaAI and Stable Diffusion – that pique our imagination, for entirely new jobs that didn’t exist before. Generative AI, and stoke our curiosity. if embraced responsibly, could drive productivity growth and support a more sustainable, inclusive world. Generative AI technology’s path into enterprises too has been just as accelerated and enthusiastic, supported by Embracing AI responsibly also means keeping track of an exponential increase in investments. While almost emerging AI regulations across countries and jurisdictions every enterprise has started working with generative while ensuring compliance. Existing processes, policies, AI, their struggles with data readiness and concerns guidelines, and tooling will need to be continuously around regulatory compliance are just as real. A common reviewed and enhanced to cover model assurance, model acknowledgment is that very few of the gen AI pilots, when security, bias, fairness, explainability, reproducibility, considered at scale, promise to deliver tangible business training data privacy, safety and alignment, IP/contractual value. In the months to follow, we believe, some ongoing risks and sustainability impact too. We are factoring AI pilots will scale to strategic AI programs that will then it all in as we engineer enterprise-scale generative AI help pave the way for AI-led business transformations. developments for our clients. You’ll come across some examples right here in this Integrated Annual Report. But Our clients, across industries, are looking to solve tough what we hope you also won’t miss is to see how you too business challenges with generative AI in ways that can navigate your next as generative AI paves the path produce measurable outcomes for them. For example, forward for us all, and how Infosys can be the trusted supporting and personalizing customer interactions, partner on that journey into the future. bringing greater efficiencies to marketing and sales, Would you like to see yourself on the Infosys Annual report cover? You can do this now by creating a personalized cover page using our gen AI platform at Infosys Annual Reports (annualreportai.com) The cover and theme pages images have been created using gen AI tools. Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2023-24 3 Microsoft Corporation: Transforming platform engineering. Transforming operations Microsoft Corporation is a technology company that while simultaneously addressing pitfalls preemptively aspires to empower every person and every organization and making efficiency projections. The aim was to on the planet to achieve more. transform the platform to meet changing user needs at a revolutionary rate. The outcome was a whopping 35% As a vocal advocate for the game-changing potential reduction in development effort and a 24% reduction in of artificial intelligence, Microsoft was eager to harness test-case generation and code review time. In fact, the the power of AI, especially generative AI, to heighten platform was ready to deliver on Microsoft’s operational their operational agility. This meant reengineering their aspirations six months ahead of schedule! operations analytics platform for better quality, faster response, and support. The platform is a trusted resource The renewed operations platform delivers never-before- for several thousand users at Microsoft, offering insights seen on-time, on-demand intelligence for users with and transactions support to manage their business hugely reduced data latency and cost across the 150+ operations across commercial, OEM, and partner channels. reports of operational insights that the business counts To amplify and transform the platform with generative AI, on. The new generative AI-powered knowledge repository Microsoft teamed up with Infosys. enables the platform’s support team to provide quicker responses to queries, resulting in an 18% reduction in Infosys brought the capabilities of Azure OpenAI Service support ticket volume. This newfound agility, along and GitHub Copilot to help solve this challenging problem. with the self-service capabilities added to the platform, They also brought best practices for leveraging generative has resulted in a sharp increase in internal customer AI technologies for code generation and development satisfaction. support. Infosys used these techniques and started to reengineer the platform, factoring in user feedback “Successful operations are all about effective support for the business, firmly grounding the core technology to make that possible, and being able to pivot with agility to meet changing market needs. Generative AI, Azure OpenAI Service, and GitHub Copilot, in the hands of capable Infosys engineers, helped us to transform and modernize our operations analytics platform to be able to meet the demands of our business while saving time, money, and delighting users with the experience.” – Jonathan Chromy, Principal SWE Manager, Microsoft 4 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2023-24 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2023-24 5 Danske Bank: Scaling assistive technology organization-wide Danske Bank is a Nordic bank, the largest retail bank in while maintaining an abundance of caution that provides Denmark, with over 5 million retail customers. the guardrails to manage ethical and practical safeguards for issues like AI hallucinations. Microsoft’s Open AI services In the summer of 2023, the Bank announced its Forward in Azure provided the foundation. From start to pilot, the ’28 strategy to strengthen the organization and create a solution was ready in about six weeks, and soon scaled for more focused business trajectory to exceed its financial ethical and safe use for about 3,000 users. targets. With the maturing of generative AI, Danske Bank was quick to see its potential to revolutionize their industry Today, Danske Bank’s entire employee base is harnessing and transform the way their own company operated, to DanskeGPT’s capabilities to assist them in their everyday increase efficiency and productivity, reduce costs, and activities – already seeing a 10-15% boost in productivity open up new opportunities for growth. They were keen in some areas. Team Infosys continues to work, enhancing to start to explore a custom GPT indexed with their own DanskeGPT with internal data, to deliver for Danske Bank business content to automate repetitive tasks and provide new content, and enable new process improvements instant responses to tactical pursuits, freeing up human through effective ways of employing this flexible assistant. staff to focus on more strategic objectives. The team is also helping the Bank to quickly identify the parts of their business where the technology could have Infosys responded with a plan to help Danske Bank the most immediate impact. The effort also includes set up an A-team and the appropriate generative AI strategic moves to assemble a cross-functional team, technology to build a secure, ethical-by-design chat- including data science practitioners, legal experts, and based assistant – DanskeGPT. The intent was to prototype business leaders, to scale the continued AI-powered and scale a solution to accelerate personal productivity, transformation of Danske Bank. first in a sandboxed environment for experimentation, “We are rapidly building capability to tackle hundreds of AI-powered ideas to