Section: Executive Summary
==================================================

Industry Overview 12.7 › Jio’s connectivity network in India › The futuristic vision on digital % across India. JioAirFiber covers over 99% of the population services necessitates and puts has seen strong demand TV network viewership share with presence further deepened the responsibility of creating the As per the FICCI EY Report, Indian and customer engagement, by vast network of physical device ecosystem on Jio. Joint Venture with Disney (Includes Associate ETV) stores, recharge outlets, and Media and Entertainment sector grew especially in underserved › Jio has to invest considerable time Announced Jio Associates. 8% Y-o-Y in 2023 to reach US$ 27.9 segments. Jio’s indigenously and effort in developing use cases 227 Million1 − The JV with Disney will combine › Jio has a full stack of digital and increasing engagement across billion, driven by the continued developed technologies are platforms addressing consumer its digital platforms. the businesses of Viacom18 and Monthly reach of the digital growth momentum in digital segment. being deployed at scale in needs across Entertainment, Star India to form one of the largest news portfolio Video continued to lead growth in India and will subsequently Commerce, Gaming, Agriculture, Indian M&E companies. Education, and Healthcare. content consumption as consumers be taken to the rest of the increasingly become comfortable world. Jio’s ahead-of-the- C › Jio has a proven track record of 225 − RIL to invest 11,500 crore into the Million2 rolling out large scale next-gen with cross-platform viewing, aided by curve investments in next- JV for its growth plan. connectivity networks, compute JioCinema average monthly reach increasing smart device penetration generation network and and digital infrastructure, well and growth in internet connectivity. digital technologies would ahead of the competition. Scheme of Merger for sustain a competitive edge and #1 News Businesses SCOT Analysis market share gains. This will Digital will Continue to News channels in key genres − Merger of TV18 and E18 ensure strong and consistent Lead the Growth of M&E Opportunities Threats (Moneycontrol) with Network18 shareholder return over the Sector Viacom18 initiated, to consolidate TV and coming years. › Jio’s pan India True5G network › Disruptive technological Digital news assets in one company. Digital segment is expected to grow is strongly positioned to lead the changes could make current becomes the home at a CAGR of 13.5% over 2023-26 to progress towards 5G in India. technologies obsolete. − It will simplify holding structure and C 955 billion, representing nearly 50% of cricket create India’s leading integrated › JioBharat device platform is › Potentially large natural disasters of ‘big media’ (TV, Digital, Print). With accelerating the transition or pandemics could have an impact news media conglomerate. 900+ million broadband subscribers, of feature phone users to on future growth and continuity digital networks. of business. led by mobile, and around 75% of Record digital time-spent on small-screens going › Jio’s deep fiber presence and › The entry of a new disruptive revolutionary rollout of fixed player or price competition could towards content consumption, online reach for IPL on wireless access services are primed impact long-term returns. video is expected to drive long-term to connect 100 million premises JioCinema growth of the media segment. with digital solutions. › Jio’s connectivity and compute infrastructure would drive market 1 share gains. Source: Comscore MMX report, Mar’24 data 2 Source: Data.ai 20 21 Reliance Industries Limited Integrated Annual Report 2023-24 Management Discussion and Analysis — Business Overview Media and Entertainment narratives. With a keen eye for originality, national award-winning Nagaraj Manjule fashion on the big screens. As per demographic appeal and unique Connected TVs to Lead emphasis on franchise development and and music by the maestro AR Rahman GroupM, 16% of advertising spends ability to reach millions of audiences Growth in Television a steadfast commitment to showcasing for the very first time for a Marathi on TVs will be contributed by CTVs concurrently with high engagement Segment narratives that authentically represent film, Jio Studios has brought Marathi by 2026. levels, ensures a consistent flow of Jio Studios, the media and content India’s rich cultural heritage to global cinema to centre stage. Additionally, India is expected to have 100 million traffic. Sports streaming on digital arm, had an action-packed year with audiences, Jio Studios remains resolute our foray into Tamil, with projects such Connected TVs by 2030. With the platforms scaled new heights last year 11 theatrical films, 35 direct-to-digital Sports to be the Key in its mission of ‘Make in India and Show as Thangalaan starring Vikram, and into engagement levels on big screens as viewership records were broken releases and 8 original web series across Catalyst for Digital the World’. Bengali with releases such as Dawshom higher than small screens, CTVs repeatedly. With platforms innovating languages and genres, the largest by Adoption Awbotaar and Kabuliwala, underscores offer the best features of traditional to bring in more audiences and adding any film studio in the year. This slate In an industry often compartmentalised our commitment to explore and and digital eco-system, providing Live sports has always been one new features to increase engagement, was released across theatres, OTT and by linguistic boundaries, Jio Studios embrace the vast potential of non-Hindi an opportunity for brands to reach of the most important genres for Sports will be a key driver for growth of broadcast platforms such as Jio Cinema, has strategically expanded its language markets. premium audiences in an intelligent consumers across the world. Its broad digital segment. Netflix, Amazon prime video, Disney+ presence beyond the Hindi market, Hotstar, Colors and Star Network. making significant inroads in regional Jio Studios is dedicated to delivering Business Performance language markets, through meticulous world class content that is commercially With eight consecutive hits, Jio Studios’ craftsmanship and a deep understanding successful, resonates with global K films garnered a whopping 700 crore of diverse cultural nuances. With released audiences and earns widespread acclaim. FY 2023-24 FY 2022-23 Y-o-Y Change at the box office – with every second film like Baipan Bhari Deva – one of As we continue to expand our reach (C 10,826 7,266 49.0% Value of Services crore) film in Q4 FY2024 being a Jio Studios Marathi cinema’s highest-grossing films, and solidify our position in this thriving film. Our relentless pursuit of excellence (C 9,297 6,223 49.4% Revenue from Operations crore) upcoming films Raja Shivaji, a larger- segment of the entertainment industry, earned us 80+ awards. Jio Studios (C 33 236 (86.0%) EBITDA crore) than-life period biopic starring Riteish we remain steadfast in our pursuit of has developed an extensive pipeline of EBITDA Margin* 0.4% 3.8% (340 bps) Deshmukh, and Khashaba, a real-life diversity, innovation, and unparalleled theatrical spectacles showcasing A-list *EBITDA margin is calculated on Revenue from Operations sports drama, to be directed by the excellence in storytelling. and upcoming talent in thought provoking Operating revenue of the Network18 of reach. Moneycontrol retained its Group for the year grew by 49.4% Y-o-Y, status as India’s premier platform driven by strong growth across both for financial news and also launched Challenges Strengths Entertainment and News segments. The transaction-based products on the businesses made significant investments platform including lending and fixed Rising Costs and Fragmented India’s Biggest Media Conglomerate: TV Network during the year in scaling up its new deposits. Moneycontrol Pro was Intense competition Reliance is India’s largest media Viewership: has not only led to escalation in conglomerate comprising Network18, verticals, Sports and Digital, which India’s #1 paid digital news platform. Our flagship channel, Colors, delivered content costs, especially for sports TV18, Viacom18, Jio Studios, and other impacted the profitability. Firstpost’s pivot as a digital-first, video- a phenomenal performance, reaching and movie rights, it has also led to investments, with strong positions in focussed brand got great traction with its highest ever share in last 12 years viewership fragmentation. key segments. consumers, helping it cross 4 million and consistently closed the gap with India’s ad With a portfolio Macro-economic linkages: Diverse Media Reach: subscribers on YouTube. the leader. Colors Cineplex improved its market is inherently linked to macro- of 63 TV channels, OTT platforms, economic growth, necessitating digital news and information platforms, News Business share and ranking during the year while creation of a robust business model Reliance connects with consumers Colors Kannada continued to be a strong Entertainment Business insulated from fluctuations in across platforms with tailored content #2 player. Our Kids, English and Youth the economy. spanning entertainment, news, sports, movies, and live events. portfolios continued to be #1 in their Digital Despite content piracy seeing a Piracy: respective segments. significant decline, it remains a critical Global Alliances and Strong Brand challenge in generating commensurate Collaborations with global Equity: return on investments. giants like Disney, Paramount, and Source: BARC Warner Bros. Discovery, along with JioCinema, was amongst the fastest genre-defining brands such as CNBC Outlook Our TV Business News portfolio TV18 and Colors, have fortified growing OTT in the country, outpacing Reliance’s leadership. maintained its undisputed leadership all competitors in terms of expansion As a Group that connects with 3600 with a coverage of everything SCOT Analysis and user acquisition. Powered by Indian consumers across multiple related to business, finance, and its expansive sports coverage and facets of their lives, we believe economy. The National channels Threats Opportunities media will continue to gain in entertainment content, the platform terms of consumer’s time and fortified their positions as the channels established itself as the most popular wallet share, as India powers of choice for the audiences across the Rapid India’s projected Technology transition: Digital Expansion: OTT in the country. Starting the year on through its journey of becoming technological advancements may one billion connected screens by 2030 country. Our Regional portfolio of 14 a strong footing with IPL, the platform an upper middle-income economy. lead to the obsolescence of current indicate substantial growth potential, channels covers the entire breadth of The ubiquitous penetration of set new benchmarks in terms of reach content production infrastructure and fuelled by increasing smartphone and digital platforms has created an the country with 1,200+ reporters viewing platforms. CTV penetration. and engagement. JioCinema delivered unprecedented opportunity to stationed in virtually every corner of record digital advertising revenue for Indian M&E sector’s Rising disposable Competition: Ad market Growth: connect with mass and niche the nation growth potential means that it incomes are expected to drive ad 16th audiences through differentiated the season of IPL. It complemented is expected to remain intensely spends, particularly on digital medium, content. We are investing across its sports offering with a mix of digital Networks18’s Digital news portfolio competitive, featuring both local and which have democratized advertising our businesses to not only position exclusive shows like Bigg Boss OTT global players. for SMBs. continued to be India’s #2 online them as the preferred platforms and other popular network shows. The for consumers seeking diverse, news publisher with leadership in Any large natural Digital Force Majeure: Experiential Viewing: high-quality content, but we are platform also boasts of a strong English disaster, pandemic like COVD-19, platforms are revolutionising viewing vernacular genre. It closed the gap also committed to playing the war etc. could disrupt regular experience with interactive features, catalogue with content from global with the leader to ~15% (from 40% role of innovator and thought business operations. boosting engagement and reshaping studios like HBO, NBCU and Paramount. at the beginning of the year) in terms leader for the industry. media consumption. Source: Comscore MMX report, Mar’24 data 22 23 Reliance Industries Limited Integrated Annual Report 2023-24 Oil to Chemicals Business Performance The domestic Electric Vehicle (EV) industry emerged strongly, boasting over 13,000 charging stations and a FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE 4 million EV parc, signaling significant The Oil to Chemicals (O2C) business portfolio spans transportation FY 2023-24 FY 2022-23 Y-o-Y Change growth potential. Aviation, propelled (C 5,64,749 5,94,650 (5.0%) fuels, polymers and elastomers, intermediates, and polyesters. The Revenue Crore) by the UDAN scheme, expanded with (C 62,393 62,075 0.5% EBITDA Crore) O2C business includes world-class assets comprising refineries 149 civil airports. EBITDA Margin 11.0% 10.4% 60 bps and petrochemical units that are deeply and uniquely integrated Polymers and Elastomers C across sites along with logistics and supply chain infrastructure. O2C revenue for FY 2023-24 witnessed a 5.0% Y-o-Y decline to 564,749 Global ethylene demand increased by crore, primarily on account of lower product price realisation following a 13.5% 2% Y-o-Y to 181 MMT in CY23, while Y-o-Y decline in average Brent crude oil prices. This was partially offset by The RIL O2C business includes a 51% equity interest in a capacity addition of 9 MMTA resulted higher volumes. fuel-retailing JV with bp – Reliance BP Mobility Limited (RBML) – in a lower operating rate by 2%. C O2C EBITDA for FY 2023-24 was marginally higher at 62,393 crore with operating under the brand name Jio-bp, and a 74.9% equity interest Global Polymer demand touched optimised feedstock sourcing, advantageous ethane cracking, and lower SAED in Reliance Sibur Elastomers Private Limited (RSEPL). 246 MMT in CY23, compared to impact, although the margin environment across transportation fuel and 245 MMT in CY22. PE and PP demand downstream chemicals remained weak throughout the year. The integrated O2C business structure enables an integrated Strategic Objective grew by 0.5% and 1% respectively, PRODUCTION MEANT FOR SALE decision-making approach that helps to optimise the entire value while PVC demand dropped by 0.6%. Build Reliance as one of the (In MMT) Global demand for SBR decreased chain from crude to refining to petrochemicals to the B2B/B2C world’s leading O2C, New Energy Particulars Products FY 2023-24 FY 2022-23 by 6.6% in CY23, while PBR demand model. The O2C business will further leverage technology and and New Materials company Transportation Gas Oil 24.9 25.2 decreased by 2.5% due to subdued with a sustainable and circular its existing assets and streams to maximise conversion of crude Fuels Gasoline / Alkylate 13.5 12.2 vehicle sales and inventory destocking. business model to chemicals and materials, with an aim to create a sustainable, ATF 5.3 4.7 Domestic PP, PE and PVC demand Polymers PP 2.8 2.7 holistic, circular materials business. grew by 9%, 20% and 9% respectively PE 2.1 2.2 driven by infrastructure, automotive, PVC 0.7 0.8 e-commerce, FMCG and agriculture Elastomers and Feedstock 0.4 0.4 sector demand. Indian SBR and PBR Intermediates PX and By-products 1.4 1.9 markets expanded by 4% and 10% and Polyesters Benzene and Derivatives 0.5 0.4 Y-o-Y, respectively, driven by robust PTA 2.4 2.2 OEM demand. Nikhil Hital R. Akash Isha Anant P. K. Kapil MEG and By-products 0.9 1.0 R. Meswani Meswani Ambani Ambani Ambani Intermediates and Filament 1.3 1.2 67.8 MMT Staple 0.8 0.8 Polyesters Production meant for sale PET 1.1 1.2 In CY23, global intermediaries Others Fuels, Solids and Others 9.7 9.5 demand rose 2% to 162 MMT amid TOTAL 67.8 66.4 78.2 crude price volatility and sluggish Sanjiv Srinivas J. Rajaraman Harish Amit Puneet MMT Singh Tuttagunta Mehta Chaturvedi Madan Chinese recovery. Global PX demand Total throughput remained flat at 50 MMT in CY23, Transportation Fuels while supply grew by 6%, led by new RIL’s transportation fuel segment’s resilience and adaptability amidst capacity additions. PTA and MEG overall production meant for sale market complexities. witnessed 3% growth due to higher was up due to higher throughput and downstream polyester operating Jio-bp, the joint venture of RIL and Sanjeev Hemant Piyush C. S. Borar Ashwani Seema healthy domestic demand. Despite a rates. Global polyester demand D Sharma D Sharma Bhatt bp, expanded its mobility station Prashara Nair challenging margin environment due to grew by 4% to 88 MMT in CY23, network to 1,729, offering pioneering heightened refinery supply and global primarily driven by recovery in Chinese Industry Overview benefits, including up to 4.3% extra dynamics, RIL effectively navigated downstream operations. HSD mileage per liter, trucker loyalty the business environment. Cracks in restrictions. The Brent crude oil price During FY 2023-24, positive trends and on-demand doorstep HSD. Backed Transportation Fuels Domestic polyester demand grew by key fuel categories declined: Singapore averaged US$ 83/bbl amidst volatility. were observed in global demand, by world standard operations, Jio-bp 4%. PET witnessed strong growth of In FY 2023-24, the transportation gasoline 92 RON cracks averaged In FY 2023-24, global refinery crude with gasoline demand increasing by achieved 63% increase in ATF sales. 13%, followed by PFY at 2%, while fuel sector faced challenges related US$ 11.6/bbl (vs US$ 14.7/bbl in throughput increased by 1.5 mb/d to 813 kb/d, diesel demand growing PSF demand was marginally down by to geopolitics, shifts towards energy FY 2022-23), gasoil 10-ppm cracks With over 4,500 charge points at EV- reach 82.3 mb/d, despite volatility by 272 kb/d and jet fuel demand 2%. PET demand saw an uptick due to transition, environmental issues and at US$ 23.0/bbl (vs US$ 40.7/bbl), friendly locations backed by innovative stemming from geopolitical tensions. surging by 1 mb/d. Future demand and strategic purchasing by major brands economic concerns. Global oil demand and jet/kerosene cracks at US$ 21.2/ solutions and foray into CBG retailing, Moreover, tanker markets rose due market dynamics may be impacted by in view of ICC World Cup and state rose by 2.2 mb/d to 102.4 mb/d, bbl (vs US$ 32.9/bbl). RIL’s strategic Jio-bp has also strengthened its low to longer ton-miles resulting from geopolitical tensions. elections. Slowdown in exports of while supply increased by 1.6 mb/d positioning and efficient operations carbon fuel portfolio. changes in trade patterns. polyester and downstream products to 102.1 mb/d. OPEC effectively ensured stability, exemplifying impacted growth of staple filament. managed oil prices through quota Source: IEA, IHS, WoodMac 24 25 Reliance Industries Limited Integrated Annual Report 2023-24 Management Discussion and Analysis — Business Overview Oil to Chemicals Oil and Gas E&P due to capacity overhang and Polymers and Elastomers Intermediates and higher inventory. Polyesters Polymer prices weakened during FY 2023-24 due to global capacity PET margins weakened due to a In FY 2023-24, PX-Naphtha margins Key focus of the E&P business has been safe and reliable additions and slowdown in substantial capacity increase in increased by 10%, surpassing the operations and project delivery while maximising production consumption amidst recessionary China and sluggish demand growth in five-year average of US$ 303/ concerns in developed markets. Western countries attributed to high from its deepwater and Coal Bed Methane (CBM) fields. With MT. Integrated producers like RIL Polymer margins contracted during the inflation. Filament and Staple margins continued to optimise production commissioning of the MJ field, KG-D6 production has been year with PP-Naphtha, HDPE- Naphtha were constrained by significant based on PX vs. gasoline economics. ramped up to 30 MMSCMD, thereby contributing approximately and PVC margins down by 13%, 8% and capacity expansions in China and PTA-PX margins decreased by 14% 30% of India’s gas production. This will significantly reduce 21%, respectively. US Ethane prices subdued global market demand. due to tight PX supply and significant decreased by 48% and Asian Naphtha the dependence on costly imported gas and bridge the gap in capacity expansions of PTA in China. prices dropped by 11% Y-o-Y. MEG-Naphtha margin surged 53% India’s energy requirements, especially in times of geopolitical to US$ 67/MT, driven by increased RIL Cracker feed-mix was optimised uncertainty and constrained supply. downstream operations and based on Naphtha Vs Ethane weaker naphtha prices. However, economics and lower Ethane prices margins continue to remain weak Strategic Objective supported chemical margins. Maximise stakeholders’ value by Outlook finding, producing, and marketing Strengths Challenges hydrocarbons and to provide Amit Naresh Sanjay Ravikumar R. Ravichandran Avinash sustainable growth while catering Global oil demand is expected › Diversified feedstock sourcing Mehta › Increased freight exposure Narang B. Roy Prekki Pathak to the needs of customers, ensures cost-effectiveness and threatens margin stability, to grow steadily, supported resilience to market fluctuations especially in European and partners, employees, and the by Asian markets, particularly US markets local communities › Flexibility in product mix China and India. Middle East optimisation enhances › Limited presence in end- and Africa’s new refining product netbacks user markets may impede capacities are likely to stabilise market penetration > ₹20,000 242 4.43 › Efficient logistics management BCF* Crore MMBBLs supply, balancing the market. reduces freight costs and boosts › Meeting sustainability mandates Highest annual EBITDA Gas Production (RIL’s share) Oil & Condensate Production Firm oil prices and product operational efficiency for fuel products while ensuring profitability (RIL’s share) cracks are anticipated as › Leveraging technology for digitised global trade flows stabilise experiences and customer › Global overcapacity in certain *Production figures include KG-D6 and CBM value propositions, sustaining products may impact margins post disruption caused by market leadership Russian-Ukraine conflict. › Energy market volatility and Industry Overview › Exploiting emerging trends like EV recessionary trends pose risks to Geopolitical tensions in the charging networks and low carbon demand and profitability Middle East, Russia-Ukraine fuel segments 2023 continued to be a volatile year the first half of 2023, the global oil 18 months to firm up crude markets, conflicts and Election cycles › Efficient time charter vessel for the oil and gas industry, balancing markets were expected to support even as geopolitics became more in major economies may alter management controls logistic the energy transition aspirations and oil demand during the year. However, complex. The Brent crude oil price oil market dynamics. India costs, enhancing competitiveness energy security against a backdrop of robust US shale supply growth, warm averaged ~US$ 83/bbl. Gas availability demand is expected to remain heightened tensions in the Middle East winter weather, increased renewables, remained tight in 2023 as incremental SCOT Analysis robust in line with heavy and concerns about a global economic and fast interest rate hikes forced global LNG production fell short economic activity. slowdown. With China’s reopening in OPEC+ to pare back oil production for of expectations. Opportunities Threats Polymer demand in India Business Performance is expected to rise by 6-8% › Capacity rationalisation in developed › Tightening heavy crude supply, in FY 2024-25, driven by economies enhances efficiency geopolitical uncertainties, and supply chain disruptions construction, automotive, Revenue and EBITDA were up 48.0% and 48.6%, respectively. This was mainly › Growing domestic GDP and AVERAGE GAS PRODUCTION* threaten operations packaging, and consumer disposable income create market due to higher gas and condensate production and partly offset by lower (MMSCMD) expansion opportunities › Increased exports from China and goods sectors. Polyester production price realisation. imports from countries with trade growth remains strong, › Potential Chinese consumer in increase agreements pressure margins 27.8 FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE demand revival could impact global supported by domestic ~4x dynamics positively › EV transition, carbon taxes, and demand resilience. Exports FY 2023-24 FY 2022-23 Y-o-Y Change sustainability regulations challenge 20.2 › Placing products strategically based (C from India are expected 24,439 16,508 48.0% Revenue crore) traditional fuel products 18.2 on netback across regions boosts (C to increase with global 20,191 13,589 48.6% EBITDA crore) market penetration › Potential challenges in adhering to demand recovery, boosting market-determined pricing regime EBITDA Margin 82.6% 82.3% 30 bps › Transitioning to renewable fuel by Indian Oil Marketing Companies capacity utilisation. production expands revenue 6.5 Price Realisation FY 2023-24 FY 2022-23 Y-o-Y Change streams and aligns with sustainability goals KG-D6 Gas (US$/mmbtu) 10.1 10.6 (4.7%) › Developing capabilities in renewable CBM Gas (US$/mmbtu) 14.4 21.6 (33.3%) FY21 FY22 FY23 FY24 energy caters to future trends Condensate (US$/bbl) 81.2 NA NA * Production figures include KG-D6 and CBM 26 27 Reliance Industries Limited Integrated Annual Report 2023-24 Management Discussion and Analysis — Business Overview Oil and Gas E&P New Energy 15 MMSCMD gas contracts were During the year, RIL acquired Block KG Basin signed with buyers across Fertiliser, KG-UDWHP-2022/1 (KG-UDW2) under CGD, Refineries, and Aggregators. the OALP VIII licensing round. The KG-D6 Deepwater Production contract for the Block was signed in Update Condensate production commenced January 2024. from the MJ Field in KG-D6 Block Since the commencement of in April 2023, after which first production, Block KG-D6 established Coal Bed Methane auction process was launched in May several global benchmarks in terms of Reliance has set out on an ambitious journey to become Net 2023. Five rounds of auction were RIL is currently producing Coal Bed operational performance, including conducted and 12 cargo offtakes were Methane (CBM) from its block SP Carbon Zero by 2035. Our New Energy business is far more 99.9% uptime and more than 13 years successfully completed by the end of (West)–CBM–2001/1. More than of incident-free operations. ambitious, far more transformational, and far more global in March 2024. 300 wells are in production, with an scope than anything we have ever done before. We firmly believe The next wave of projects – R Cluster, average output of 0.64 MMSCMD gas Satellite Cluster, and MJ – have been ~27 that as one of the biggest energy markets in the world, India will during the year. MMSCMD commissioned and are currently under play a leading role in transforming the global energy landscape. Average gas production in To augment and sustain production, production. These projects have FY 2023-24 a 40 multi-lateral horizontal well leveraged the hub infrastructure in Strategic Objective Industry Overview programme is being executed in SP place, thereby reducing cost. (West). This is the first time in India Exploration Strategy Scale up New Energy and New Average production for FY 2023-24 that such horizontal wells are being Indian renewable energy sector is Hydrogen demand is expected to Materials businesses, providing from the three fields together is RIL’s exploration strategy is focused on drilled for CBM. Reliance has already the third-most attractive renewable increase from current 90 MMTPA to affordable clean energy ~27 MMSCMD gas and ~18,000 bbls finding additional gas accumulations drilled 13 horizontal wells, out of energy market in the world (according 530 MMTPA by 2050. alternatives per day of oil and condensate. that can be tied back to the existing which 10 wells are put on production. to EY Renewable Energy Country Ammonia is on the path to become Production is in line with expectations. world-class infrastructure, using Preliminary results are encouraging. Attractiveness Index). a 550 MMTPA market by 2050 an infrastructure-led exploration Converting Reliance New Energy: Based on the comprehensive India targets to commit 50% of compared to 183 MMTPA today. Reliance Gas Pipeline Limited, a (ILX) approach. Photons to Green Electrons and assessment undertaken with more cumulative generation capacity from subsidiary of RIL, operates the 302 km further to Green Molecules leading than two years of production data, Block KGUDWHP-2018/1 (KG-UDW1) non-fossil-based energy sources by India Energy Demand Shahdol-Phulpur Pipeline from Shahdol to reduction of carbon footprint. three additional wells in R Cluster and was awarded to RIL-BP JV under 2030 and reduce its emission intensity (MP) to Phulpur (UP) connecting the India’s energy requirement is expected one additional well in Satellite Cluster the OALP II licensing round, and the of GDP by 45% by 2030 vs the Our aim is to maximise RE CBM Gas fields with the National to grow to 15,000 TWh by 2030 and are being proposed to be drilled. This Petroleum Exploration License (PEL) 2005 baseline. generation at an optimal cost so as Gas Grid. This provides access to 26,000 TWh by 2050. is expected to provide incremental was issued in August 2019. to increase Netbacks for RE. consumers across the country. The principal driver and enabler for India targets to achieve 500 GW of RE recovery of ~240 BCF of gas from India’s Net Zero emissions goal is Post completion of 3D Seismic − We target to set up capacity by 2030, of which 280 GW these fields. reducing dependence on imports and Acquisition and Processing campaign, integrated RE Plant with would be from Solar. building supply chain resilience, while In line with the increasing gas the first exploration well was drilled in optimal configuration. Government’s PM-Surya Ghar Muft minimising carbon footprint. production, three rounds of e-auction the Block, and the drilled well data are (~C Bijli Yojana 75,000 crore outlay): − Green H2 (GH2), Green were successfully completed. Overall, under analysis. The government has put policies and for rooftop solar with free electricity Chemicals and Energy Storage various fiscal incentives in place to up to 300 units/month for one to maximise value addition and encourage the demand and supply of crore households. Outlook hence Netbacks for RE. green energy transition technologies in Strengths Challenges PM Kusum Yojana for farmers: Target various sectors. − Cost competitive manufacturing 10 GW RE, to replace off-grid diesel is critical for above, which Gas is expected to play a key › World-class hub infrastructure › Tight supply chain pumps and solarisation of grid- both at KG-D6 and CBM Global Energy Demand we aim to achieve by global role as a transition fuel, with › Volatile commodity prices connected pumps. partnerships, technological its share in the energy mix › Deepwater project Global energy demand is likely to India’s Energy storage requirement is execution experience innovations, and supply expected to increase from 6% increase to ~204,000 TWh in 2050. estimated at ~ 74 GW (47 GW BESS chain optimisation and local to 15% by CY 2030. Reliance’s › Partnership with strong Renewables are expected to have and 27 GW PSP) with storage of global partners value addition. current portfolio mix is ideally significant share of incremental energy ~411 GWh (BESS ~236 GWh and PSP placed to help meet this › Natural gas heavy portfolio which − Modular approach for demand requiring multifold increase in ~175 GWh) by 2031-32 is a transition fuel of choice increased demand. development of RE and current installed capacity. Uptake of EVs is projected to create SCOT Analysis GH2/ its derivatives through RIL currently produces nearly Global installed renewable capacity is battery demand of ~100 GWh / year standardisation and repeatable/ 30% of India’s domestic gas. around 3,300 GW, expected to reach by 2030. Opportunities Threats scalable configuration. Further development efforts ~11,000 GW by 2030. Residential, C&I, Telecom towers are ongoing to augment gas Most of manufacturing giga- Solar and Wind energy generation and DG set replacements to drive › Leverage infrastructure › LNG supply glut adversely production in deepwater and factory would be at Jamnagar are expected to account for nearly to monetise resources in impacting price realisation Stationery Battery Pack demand CBM by utilising its existing catchment areas while RE development, production 96% of new capacity additions, in the ~30 GWh/year by 2030. › Accelerated transition to infrastructure in the area. of GH2 and its derivatives foreseeable future. › Contribute to India’s growing Renewables will impact oil and India targets 5 MMT GH2 by 2030 gas economy gas demand would be at location based Battery Energy Storage System (BESS) with a mission to become a global hub availability of suitable land, › Leverage the role of natural gas capacity is expected to reach 945 GW of GH2 and its derivatives. as a ‘transition fuel’ in the shift evacuation infrastructure and by 2050 compared to 52 GW in 2022 towards green energy requisite demand. Source: BP Energy Outlook, Bloomberg, CEA, McKinsey, PIB, IEA, Ammonia Technology Roadmap, Broker Research 28 29 Reliance Industries Limited Integrated Annual Report 2023-24 Management Discussion and Analysis — Business Overview New Energy Risk and Governance Business Updates We have made significant progress Reliance has qualified for the in establishing factories that will government’s Performance be part of our Integrated Solar PV Linked Incentive (PLI) scheme Manufacturing. New Energy will be for Manufacturing Electrolysers Nikhil Hital R. Srikanth Laxmidas V. Harish K. R. Raja commissioning its first train of Module of 300 MWe annually and Green R. Meswani Meswani Venkatachari Merchant Shah and Cell Manufacturing in FY25. Solar Hydrogen Production for 90 kTPA. This panels manufactured in Jamnagar have is in addition to PLI awards for Solar PV Reliance Risk Management Framework provides a consistent, clear and robust framework for obtained BIS certification. (Polysilicon to Module) and Advanced managing risks across the group and thus is fundamental to our performance and progress. The integrated Chemistry Cells (ACC) received in the Parallelly, work on RE Development risk framework helps the Group to ensure that activities to manage risk are designed, implemented and previous year. has commenced and Reliance has operating effectively. Outlook been allotted land in Gujrat. We aim to Reliance signed MOU with the become largest RE Developer in India. Government of Maharashtra for 100 kTPA GH2 production, with total RIL integrates climate-related Business and Functional Leaders Enterprise Risk Fossil fuels have historically fed We initiated participation in RE PPA ~C projected investment of 15,000 ensure safe and reliable incident- considerations into its strategic India’s power requirements. Management (ERM) with the first PPA signed with MSEDCL crore and employment generation of free daily operations through planning, investment evaluations, Structural inefficiencies for 128 MW for 25 years. at Reliance ~4,000 (direct and indirect). identification, mitigation and risk management protocols and combined with rising costs 50 MWh per year capacity pilot line The Company’s Risk Management monitoring of existing and new risks long-term supply and demand of fossil fuel has resulted Reliance signed an MOU with has been setup for manufacturing Li Framework follows the below on day-to-day basis. projections. We have a 15-year in expensive power for Brookfield for onshore renewable Battery cells, through Lithium Werks, mentioned risk assessment process vision towards fostering sustainable commercial and residential power and decarbonisation equipment Risks and Response and can be scaled up for commercial and thus enables the management to: energy solutions and innovative customers – average tariff of manufacturing in Australia. scale production. materials. Reliance also leverages C ~ 10/ kWh (US$ 12c/ kWh). − Identify specific risks and assess Strategic and insights from its New Energy Council Therefore, it is not feasible for overall potential exposure to mitigate risks in novel areas. Commercial Risks India to keep relying on fossil − Decide how best to deal with those Furthermore, the Company tracks the fuels for its growth. The use Strengths Challenges Climate Change and Energy risks to manage overall exposure advancement towards its Net Carbon of fossil fuels-based energy Zero goal, supported by a robust Transition increases dependence on › Full integration across the New › Our vision necessitates and puts − Allocate resources and actively governance framework. Energy value chain (Photon → the responsibility of developing the imports and results in drain of Impact on: , All businesses N manage those risks Electrons → Molecules) new energy ecosystem in India foreign exchange. Risk Description − Obtain assurance over › Optimum large-scale facilities that › We need to take measured steps in Commodity Prices Stable and round-the-clock maximise automation supported investing in various routes to prove effectiveness of the management of Businesses are increasingly facing and Markets by Artificial Intelligence, Machine sustained business viability before cost-efficient green power risks and reporting physical and transition risks Learning and Robotics scaling up is the need of the hour. India Impact on: M,O2C and Retail associated with climate change. › Collective knowledge gained from › Unforeseen circumstances needs to solve this problem to Governance Framework Growing vulnerability to unpredictable various strategic partnerships including geopolitical issues Risk Description maintain its growth trajectory across different verticals across the global capital goods weather events (acute) and changes in Reliance’s Risk Management Global crude oil prices fluctuated and reach US$ 32 trillion GDP and revenue supply chain could long-term climate patterns (chronic) › Leveraging Internal project Framework is designed to be an have an impact on our ability to between US$ 70/bbl & US$ 96/bbl on by 2047. execution capabilities and partner could affect RIL’s assets, operations commission projects end-to-end framework for managing concerns of high inflation & interest skills to set-up new energy projects and supply chains. Furthermore, Over the next 12 months, and reporting risks from the Group’s at record pace rates affecting demand and risk of transition risks arising from changes our focus is to bring new operations to the Board. supply due to conflicts between › Significant captive demand for in regulations, evolving stakeholder energy manufacturing Green Energy across different Israel-Hamas, Russia-Ukraine, and provide Executive Committees expectations and technology facilities on-stream, operate businesses of Reliance attacks in the Red Sea on ships. oversight and governance advancements could also impact RIL. them efficiently and, start New refining capacities in Nigeria, through Group Operational Risk SCOT Analysis developing RE generation Middle East and China capped Committee, Group Financial Risk Risk Response projects. Simultaneously, we product prices. Committee, Group Audit and Opportunities Threats would develop supply chain Reliance implements strong Disclosure Committee, Group Non-availability of commodity locally for self-sufficiency and business continuity management Compliance Committee, and Group › Investment in New Energy › Disruptive technological goods at the right price, quality and reduce the reliance on imports. strategies. Each business conducts manufacturing system and changes could make current People Committee. quantity can adversely affect our risk assessments and tailored plans developing local supply chain technologies obsolete We aim to be the partner retail business. puts Reliance to lead the progress for risk management. Facilities are Business Risk and Assurance of choice for leading global › Disruptive pricing from existing towards cleaner and greener energy are headed by designed to withstand climate- Committees global players could impact long- climate technology and for all in India Risk Response term returns the Business, Function and related challenges. Additionally, the product companies and › Our focus on end solutions to meet Group leadership who integrate Company implements prevention RIL navigated the volatility through › Potentially large natural disasters develop business model which various use cases would accelerate or pandemics could have an impact multidisciplinary views on key programmes to ensure workforce sourcing from diverse regions like the adoption of clean and green is flexible and adaptable to on future growth and continuity energy in India organisational risks, prioritise the well-being from climate impacts and Middle East, African & Latin America. different technologies and of business most relevant risks and align risk maintains diversified supply chains for Also, increased use of Time Chartered › We would bring in best-in-class future proofed to be always technologies in the new energy management, internal control and operational continuity. fleet & RIL’s global presence helped. lowest life cycle cost and best space through partnership with key assurance activities across the Three in class. global players Lines of Defense. 30 31 Reliance Industries Limited Integrated Annual Report 2023-24 Management Discussion and Analysis — Risk and Governance Risk Response Risk Response It’s RIL’s constant endeavour Adopting a proactive & risk based Meticulous risk assessment Rupee Foreign Exchange Risk: to ensure operational stability HSE management approach based guides strategy reprioritisation. depreciation impacts the landed cost We focus on strong governance Reliance’s cybersecurity strategy is and profitability for commodity on ISO 45001:2018 framework Focus on physical, technological of the foreign currency liabilities as processes and internal controls aligned with business and marked to goods. Diversifying and tracking retail business aims to create safer security, predictive loss-analytics well as its repayment. including integrating the financial threat. A defence-in-depth approach suppliers’ performance, ensuring workplaces & enhance operational and camera-analytics are yielding systems and operational processes for is followed where multiple technology Credit Risk on Investment Portfolio: compliances, investing in market efficiency & have site-specific results. Proactive data analytics in our strategic alliances. The companies solutions and controls are deployed to Reliance’s investment portfolio intelligence to monitor markets emergency plans & conduct regular e-com space has mitigated risks to are brought under the Reliance Risk improve resilience against diverse and comprises Corporate Bonds and Debt / price trends and maintaining mock drills. acceptable levels. Management Framework, providing evolving threats. Mutual Funds which has credit risk inventory levels to mitigate the risk a holistic view to formulate Annual RIL has extensive systems meeting or on issuers. of supply shortages/ disruptions are Compliance and Control Operating Plans across its various Safety and Operational exceeding regulatory requirements periodically monitored. businesses and functions. Risks Risk Response ensuring safe operations in its plants Risks & supply chain. RIL successfully raised foreign Customer Experience and Talent to Support Health, Safety, and Regulatory Compliance Risks currency and INR LT borrowings Retention Scaling Business Environmental (HSE) Risks Physical Security and Natural to fund its capex and working Impact on: , All businesses M S capital requirements despite tight Impact on: , All businesses S Calamity Risks, Impact on: , All businesses Impact on: , All businesses H M N H Risk Description liquidity conditions. Impact on: , All businesses M N Risk Description Risk Description Risk Description Increased regulatory scrutiny and An appropriate mix of Fixed and Sub-optimal customer experience changing businesses with strategic Risk Description The ability to attract, nurture and HSE risk management is paramount to Floating rate liabilities was maintained may result in customer dissatisfaction acquisitions require swift alignment retain talent is necessary to enable sustainable growth. RIL has process RIL is vulnerable to various threats to limit the translation of high interest and churn. with legal & regulatory compliances. smooth operations and future needs. in place to identify potential risks that that may disrupt operations. Geo- rates into finance cost. may impact our stakeholders & stands Changing customer preferences could political turbulence and natural Risk Response RIL used a combination of natural Risk Response committed to control HSE risks. weaken our value proposition leading disasters can pose a downside risk. and market hedges to protect against Reliance has adopted a digitally to low loyalty/ repeat purchases. Reliance nurtures its human RIL’s business operations involve Risk of riots, vandalism & natural foreign exchange risk. enabled comprehensive compliance resources though regular training, activities that may possess disasters have impact on network management framework, integrated Risk Response skilling initiatives and offers Credit risk in the portfolio is risks of accidents and injuries. assets. Further, risks include with its business processes, risks and diverse opportunities. monitored based on tight Internal Risk For sustained customer experience, Expanding footprint increases asset protection, loss prevention, controls and equipped to align with Management Framework. various measures are adopted such as vulnerability to incidents like fires or platform abuse and data theft amid changes in business & regulatory Data Privacy Risk superior usage & billing experience, natural disasters. online growth. environment. It enables efficient Insurance – Risk Mitigation network access and competitive tariff Impact on: , All businesses I RIL faces industrial & supply chain governance and zero tolerance to non- pricing, best-in-class customer service Risk Response Utilising insurance as a risk risks like process safety, fires, loss of compliance. Risk Description backed by latest technologies. management tool, RIL thoroughly containment of hazardous material, Risk management strategies are Reliance businesses collect personal assesses risks for appropriate Taking cue of consumer preferences explosion, natural disasters, extreme adopted to keep our people, assets, Financial Risks data to create innovative products coverage. When procuring relevant to purchase online, Reliance Retail weather, human error, risk to information, and reputation secure. and services. However, this raises insurance coverage, our primary Treasury Risks has strategised to be an omni- personnel, etc. Security understands business concerns about data privacy, security, objective is to ensure effective channel retailer. The company has requirements, identifies priorities, Impact on: , All businesses F and ethical use of data. cover that can address any potential Risk Response taken measures for online and and suggests mitigations measures adverse financial impacts on our Risk Description offline channels to retain and attract to support growth. The security Our state-of-the-art facilities, Risk Response balance sheet. new consumers. On the customer posture is continuously reviewed to operated by skilled professionals, RIL faces following key financial complaints front, the business has a Reliance follows the privacy-by-design maintain efficiency. undergo continuous monitoring and risks which is actively managed dedicated ‘Customer Service’ team and privacy-by-default approach to mitigation to ensure operational by Treasury. Jio has implemented a disaster that ensures faster resolutions. makes sure that personal data is used excellence throughout their lifecycle. recovery response mechanism which Central banks Liquidity Risk: ethically and legally. We have made significant progress includes measures like network maintained tight monetary & liquidity Oversight over Investee in digitalising our risk processes, outages alerts, patrolling in vulnerable conditions globally in FY24. Cybersecurity Risk enabling enhanced visibility and Companies/Alliances areas, meetings with local leaders control across all levels. Regular High interest Interest Rate Risk: and Law Enforcement Agencies, Impact on: , All businesses I Impact on: M, All businesses F review of risks ensures our risk rates in US and India translates into implement Crisis management, Risk Description management practices stay current high finance costs. Risk Description BCP / DRP (Business Continuity and effective. Furthermore, our Cyber threat has been consistently Planning - Disaster Recovery process), Strategic alliances with other Subject Matter Experts conduct rising as a key business risk in global Maintaining stock of critical items & businesses could have an adverse rigorous oversight, verifying design rankings. It is of particular significance Insurance Coverage. impact on our financial performance and operating effectiveness of for Reliance businesses that support and competitive position. controls, reaffirming our dedication critical infrastructure, connectivity, to robust HSE risk management and e-commerce solutions. and sustainability. 32 33 Reliance Industries Limited Integrated Annual Report 2023-24