Section: Financial Performance
==================================================

70 Annexures to the Board’s report 28 Business highlights 99 Management’s discussion and analysis 30 Chairman’s message 110 Corporate governance report 32 Letter to the Shareholder 147 Investor contacts 34 Awards and recognitions 149 Risk management report 159 Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report Approaching value creation 208 CEO and CFO certification 39 Our business context Financial statements 41 Strategy 42 Value creation model 209 Standalone 292 Consolidated For the digital version of the Infosys Integrated Annual Report, visit: https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/annual-report/annual-reports/ar-2024-25.html 14 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 15 About this report An introduction to the report Our capitals Infosys adopted the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Auditors’ reports The capitals, as described below, provide a holistic perspective of how short, medium and long-term value is created principles to disclose performance on non-financial The Auditors’ Report for fiscal 2025 from Deloitte Haskins and preserved at Infosys. The capitals are simultaneously inter-dependent and mutually beneficial as they create aspects of the business 17 years ago and also became the & Sells LLP, Chartered Accountants (ICAI Firm Registration synergy across the organization. Our strategy, ESG vision and ambitions help to channel all inputs through the capitals first IT company to publish sustainability performance Number 117366W/ W-100018) does not contain any to manifest into the most impactful outputs and outcomes for all stakeholders. in accordance with the GRI G4 (comprehensive) criteria qualification, reservation or adverse remark. The Report is in 2014. enclosed with the financial statements in this Integrated Annual Report. Our Integrated Annual Report provides a comprehensive overview of our company’s performance and progress The Secretarial Auditors’ Report for fiscal 2025 from over the past year. It includes quantitative and qualitative Makarand M. Joshi of Makarand M. Joshi & Co., Company disclosures on material topics, such as financial Secretaries, does not contain any qualification, reservation Intellectual Capital Human Capital Financial Capital performance, environmental sustainability, social or adverse remark. The Secretarial Auditors’ Report is Our Intellectual Capital is driven by Nurturing talent for the future is We obtain our Financial Capital responsibility, and our relationship with our stakeholders. enclosed with this Integrated Annual Report. agility, flexibility, and innovation. essential for our continued success. Our through the funds generated from It also describes our strategy, leadership commitment and The Independent Assurance Statement for our BRSR core We are committed to working with culture is at the center of everything our business operations and financing culture that celebrates people, performance and purpose. experts, partners, academia, and other we do, shaping us into who we are activities. Our strong performance disclosures from Deloitte Haskins & Sells is available as part stakeholders to develop new products today. Over the past 40 years, our The Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 has been on the back of meticulous execution of this Integrated Annual Report. Additionally, select non- and services that meet the needs of our values, excellence, collaboration, and over the years, as reflected in the prepared in accordance with the International Integrated financial sustainability disclosures in this Integrated Annual customers and communities. With iCETS, most importantly, our people have combination of high growth, strong Reporting Framework, developed by the International Report are assured by Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP. the Living Labs, the Infosys Innovation molded our unique culture We have cash generation and profitability, has Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC), the GRI Standard and Network (IIN) and Infosys Business long-established paths for employee led to building a strong, debt-free, and Management’s review the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). Incubator, we have a broad portfolio upskilling and reskilling, and our efforts liquid Balance Sheet. Our focus is on This Integrated Annual Report has been reviewed and This report also includes the Business Responsibility and of offerings across industry segments, have been well-rewarded, providing ensuring a sustainable and profitable approved, for publication, by the Management of the Sustainability Report (BRSR), prepared in accordance with while the Infosys Prize and Aarohan value to our people and us. Infosys financial position. Company. the guidelines issued by the Securities and Exchange Board Social Innovation Awards provide a remains committed to nurture an platform for innovators and social inclusive workplace for our diverse of India (SEBI). We have also mapped our contribution to Feedback entrepreneurs, respectively. talent. the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) through the Share your feedback about the report to Infosys ESG report. investors@infosys.com. The financial and statutory data disclosed in the statutory sections of this report meet the requirements of the Companies Act, 2013 (including the rules made thereunder) and the applicable SEBI Regulations. Natural Capital Manufactured Capital Social and Relationship Capital Climate action has been a key focus As strong advocates of environmental area in protecting and preserving our stewardship extending beyond Our Social and Relationship Capital Natural Capital. We have been at the our boundaries, our Manufactured guides us to bring the interests of our forefront of the ESG movement and Capital includes our energy-efficient stakeholders to the fore. As enterprises became carbon neutral in 2020, which offices, data centers, innovation hubs, focus on reshaping their businesses was 30 years ahead of the timeline digital studios, and our technology in the digital era, we are helping our set by the Paris Agreement. We have infrastructure across the globe. With clients drive transformation. Our maintained carbon neutrality for six the highest-rated green buildings social ambition focuses on serving the years in a row. We are now evolving on our campuses and investments development of people by shaping a from carbon neutrality to climate in collaborative tech infrastructure, future with meaningful opportunities positivity — investing in regenerative we offer productive, safe and healthy for all. We deliver on expectations practices, nature-based solutions, and workplaces for employees, clients and of nurturing social innovations and green innovation to restore ecosystems contractors. enabling employability through and capture more carbon than we skill training of communities. Our emit. Our commitment is not just to global CSR efforts address challenges reduce harm, but to create lasting across education, healthcare, women environmental value. empowerment, science and research, environmental sustainability and more. 16 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 17 Corporate overview About Infosys Infosys is a global leader in next- In 2025, we undertook a refresh of df Our Purpose p generation digital services and our ESG Vision 2030 and confirmed 5. 2 e, 0 consulting, focusing on delivering our continued commitment to To amplify human 2 n e c u AI, cloud and other digital solutions responsible business to shape n potential and create the P e s s. n for specific industries in more than and share solutions that serve the e t next opportunity for pr i n e al- 59 countries. We are the enterprise development of businesses and e c n fi people, businesses and b ti o f AI partner of choice for our clients communities. We reaffirmed our o gl n d communities s/ o t n as they navigate their business long-standing focus across core areas n Zeala c nt e x e m transformation. including climate change, nurturing si m n w pa es t e u s N r n Ja c ustralia workplace inclusivity, employee s a pi o Our Values o We enable them with an AI-first p p d orea n hili r s/ a wa wellness and experience, amplifying c g P A foundation. We also empower the a K all Tai Our Company’s Code of Conduct n h ore communities, corporate governance, s s-fili ut m e business with enterprise AI, cloud, o p d c S ga n stands on the strong foundation s data privacy and information haila fi ort g n a and other digital technologies at n Si f o o p set by our values, encapsulated in T K n management. sit e g e i na scale to deliver unprecedented Malaysia n s/r vi s v o hi H n the acronym C-LIFE. a or C s, levels of performance and customer o h n st ti o e e ati a delight. Our always-on learning dia w v r n c e n blic m/i y, o I Client value approach drives their continuous p us l a u o al uriti o p d n 3,23,578 nia e b improvement through building and nia ma c nia s n o R To surpass client expectations d s. o oatia ustria d AEO e t Ma ua n Latvia h T ma n d e y gl i Qatar nla Czec ola m U we h s transferring skills, expertise, and n 1. o Lit o Ar Cr ur consistently Fi Employees A R P S a nf 8 bia o g ideas from our innovation ecosystem. w.i 9 of e Ara 1 b w Turkey s We are deeply committed to being n el di ail w s Isra Africa u i Leadership by example y 1,869 Sa s:// et a, a well-governed, environmentally s d o di p h f or way htt ut To set standards in our business sustainable organization where n n o Active clients F I I S or diverse talent thrives in an inclusive N and transactions and be an workplace. exemplar for the industry and `1,62,990 cr ourselves Established in 1981, from a capital of Total revenues in fiscal 2025 US$250, we have grown to become a garia n d ovakia bia n ey d m ny nce Malta Italy ds g gary K mark gal pai ur U nstei n n u company with a market capitalization n ns ma witzerla Irela er Integrity and transparency gi o Fra u erla S n er b ort ul S n el er u m hte e Sl u B B H of approximately US$75.80 billion. h G D P G uxe et ec To be ethical, sincere and open in S N s L Li e ri In our journey of over 40 years, we s all our transactions t e n c have catalyzed India’s transformation u fi o of c o into the global destination for Brazil Ric 2 of of Fairness na 9 9 o software services talent. We o. o. ert nti 5 2 N N u e To be objective and transaction- P g pioneered the Global Delivery Model Ar e oriented, and thereby earn trust and became the first IT company hil C u Per from India to be listed on NASDAQ. and respect Rica o exic da osta A % 5 % % % na M US 2 Ca 1 2 8 9 C e - Excellence 3. 7. 9. 9. 4 y 2 5 c 2 h 0 To strive relentlessly, constantly 2 n p e t a a improve ourselves, our teams, our e r r e w p g s services and products to become o e o e e i v w e the best r r g e e p r e d v y h rl o w b a o l c W s e a ri e e t ri e e u a b t m h n r n t u A s o e o n f o e o p p h o C a v o t gi t l r di r s r e G o o e u e n N R C R R E I 18 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 19 As of March 31, 2025 or ct e Dir er nt y e I d d n e n p vi e o d n G I or ct e s Dir b b nt Gi e d el n a e p h e c d Mi n I er or oti ct P e Dir ol uri nt Nandan M. Nilekani e A d n e Chairman and Non-Executive and e n p e Non-Independent Director (Promoter) e el d n H I h D k M e Age: 69 Areas of expertise ar d n P Nationality: Indian a • Financial alil O E • Diversity S C Date of appointment • Global business ni August 24, 2017 • Leadership a k e • Information Technology Tenure on Board Nil • Cybersecurity M. 7.6 years • Board service & governance n n a a m d • Sales & marketing Term ending date air n a h • Sustainability & ESG NA N C • Risk management Shareholding or • Mergers & Acquisitions ct e 4,07,83,162 shares (0.98%) Dir nt Read full profile at: e s m d Board memberships – Indian listed companies https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/ n a r e ar p Infosys Limited: Non-Executive and nandan-nilekani.html o e d d n n Non-Independent Director u I t d S a c D. e L Directorship / Committee details e or r (1) Committee(2) Board ct i e D Dir Chairperson 1 Nil k a nt y Member 6 Nil a e d N f n o a e p hitr e d (1) Number of directorships in Indian companies (includes public, private and Section 8) n C d I (2) Chairperson is also considered a member of the Committee. Committee information includes details of only the audit and the stakeholders relationship committees r or ct a across all Indian public companies. e Dir o h k nt ari B e P d n w y e b p s e b e d o i y n B v I r s e or o v ct ht: e o e f g Dir p ri n e nj nt o t a t e ar a I eft d n P r e l e o p n m e Niti p o d h n Fr r I o T C 20 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 21 The Infosys Board of Directors As of March 31, 2025 Salil Parekh D. Sundaram Michael Gibbs Bobby Parikh Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director Lead Independent Director Independent Director Independent Director Age: 60 Age: 72 Age: 67 Age: 61 Nationality: Indian Nationality: Indian Nationality: American Nationality: Indian Date of appointment Date of appointment Date of appointment Date of appointment July 14, 2017 July 13, 2018 July 15, 2020 January 02, 2018 Date of reappointment Date of reappointment Date of reappointment Date of reappointment July 14, 2022 July 13, 2021 July 15, 2023 July 01, 2022 Tenure on Board Tenure on Board Tenure on Board Tenure on Board 7.7 years 6.7 years 4.7 years 7.2 years Term ending date Term ending date Term ending date Term ending date July 13, 2027 July 12, 2026 July 14, 2028 March 31, 2027 Shareholding Shareholding Shareholding Shareholding Nil Nil 6,887 shares (0.00%) 11,85,548 shares (0.03%) Board memberships – Indian listed companies Board memberships – Indian listed Board memberships – Indian listed companies Board memberships – Indian listed companies companies Infosys Limited: Independent Director Infosys Limited: Independent Director Infosys Limited: Executive Director Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited: Infosys Limited: Independent Director Biocon Limited: Independent Director Directorship / Committee details Independent Director and Chairperson Indostar Capital Finance Limited: Non-Executive and Directorship / Committee details Non-Independent Director (1) Committee(2) Board Directorship / Committee details (1) Committee(2) Board Chairperson Nil Nil (1) Committee(2) Board Directorship / Committee details Chairperson Nil 1 Member 1 Nil Chairperson 2 2 Member 1 2 (1) Committee(2) Board Member 6 7 Chairperson Nil 3 Areas of expertise Areas of expertise • Financial Member 6 6 Areas of expertise • Financial • Diversity • Financial • Diversity • Global business Areas of expertise • Diversity • Global business • Leadership • Financial • Global business • Leadership • Information Technology • Diversity • Leadership • Information Technology • Cybersecurity • Global business • Information Technology • Cybersecurity • Board service & governance • Leadership • Cybersecurity • Board service & governance • Sales & marketing • Information Technology • Board service & governance • Sales & marketing • Sustainability & ESG • Board service & governance • Sustainability & ESG • Sustainability & ESG • Risk management • Sales & marketing • Risk management • Risk management • Mergers & Acquisitions • Sustainability & ESG • Mergers & Acquisitions • Mergers & Acquisitions • Risk management Read full profile at: Read full profile at: • Mergers & Acquisitions https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/ Read full profile at: https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/ salil-parekh.html https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/ Read full profile at: d-sundaram.html michael-gibbs.html https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/ bobby-parikh.html 22 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 23 The Infosys Board of Directors As of March 31, 2025 Chitra Nayak Govind Iyer Nitin Paranjpe Helene Auriol Potier Independent Director Independent Director Independent Director Independent Director Age: 62 Age: 62 Age: 62 Age: 62 Nationality: American Nationality: Indian Nationality: French Nationality: British Date of appointment Date of appointment Date of appointment Date of appointment May 26, 2023 March 25, 2021 January 12, 2023 January 01, 2024 Tenure on Board Tenure on Board Date of reappointment Tenure on Board 1.8 years 1.3 years March 25, 2024 2.2 years Tenure on Board Term ending date Term ending date Term ending date 4 years May 25, 2026 December 31, 2028 January 11, 2028 Shareholding Shareholding Term ending date Shareholding Nil Nil March 24, 2027 Nil Shareholding Board memberships – Indian listed companies Board memberships – Indian listed companies Board memberships – Indian listed companies Nil Infosys Limited: Independent Director Infosys Limited: Independent Director Infosys Limited: Independent Director Hindustan Unilever Limited: Non-executive Directorship / Committee details Board memberships – Indian listed companies Directorship / Committee details Director and Chairperson Infosys Limited: Independent Director (1) Committee(2) Board (1) Committee(2) Board Directorship / Committee details Chairperson Nil Nil Chairperson Nil Nil Directorship / Committee details Member 6 Nil (1) Committee(2) Board Member 1 Nil (1) Committee(2) Board Chairperson 1 Nil Chairperson Nil Nil Areas of expertise Areas of expertise 1(3) Member 2 Member 1 1 • Financial • Diversity Areas of expertise • Diversity • Global business Areas of expertise • Financial • Global business • Leadership • Diversity • Diversity • Leadership • Information Technology • Global business • Global business • Information Technology • Cybersecurity • Leadership • Leadership • Cybersecurity • Board service & governance • Information Technology • Board service & governance • Board service & governance • Sales & marketing • Cybersecurity • Sales & marketing • Sales & marketing • Sustainability & ESG • Board service & governance • Sustainability & ESG • Sustainability & ESG • Risk management • Sales & marketing • Risk management • Risk management • Mergers & Acquisitions • Sustainability & ESG • Mergers & Acquisitions • Mergers & Acquisitions • Risk management Read full profile at: Read full profile at: Read full profile at: • Mergers & Acquisitions https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/ https://infosys.com/about/management-profiles/ https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/ govind-iyer.html Read full profile at: helene-auriol-potier.html nitin-paranjpe.html https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/ (1) Number of directorships in Indian companies (includes public, private and Section 8) chitra-nayak.html (2) Chairperson is also considered a member of the Committee. Committee information includes details of only the audit and the stakeholders relationship committees across all Indian public companies. (3) Appointed as a member of Audit Committee of Infosys Limited with effect from April 16, 2025 24 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 25 Corporate overview The Infosys leadership team Nabarun Roy Nandini S. Raja Madhusudan Shah Ruchir Budhwar Salil Parekh Jayesh Sanghrajka Ambeshwar Nath Anand Swaminathan Group Head – Quality Group Head – Compensation & Industry Head – Communications, Industry Head – Manufacturing Chief Financial Officer Industry Head – CPG, Logistics Segment Head – Communication, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Benefits Media and Technology and Retail Media and Technology Director Satish H.C. Shaji Mathew Sourav S. Banerjee Subhro Mallik Anant Raghavendra Adya Anantharaman Radhakrishnan Andrew Groth Anup Kapoor Chief Delivery Officer Chief Human Resources Officer Industry Head – CPG, Logistics and Industry Head – Life Sciences Service Offering Head Chief Executive Officer and Industry Head – Banking and Chief Operating Officer and Whole Retail Managing Director – IBPM Financial Services, Healthcare, Time Director – IBPM Insurance and Life Sciences Sumit Virmani Tarang Puranik Arun Kumar H.R. Ashiss Kumar Dash Balakrishna D.R. Sunil Kumar Dhareshwar Sushanth Michael Tharappan Binod Choudhary Chief Marketing Officer Service Offering Head Head – Business Strategy, Planning Segment Head – Energy, Utilities, Head – Global Services Global Head – Corporate Accounting Head HR – Infosys Limited Business Head – IBPM and Operations Resources and Services & Taxation, Facilities, Infrastructure and Security Thirumala Arohi Venkateshwaran Deepak Bhalla Dennis Kantilal Gada Dinesh R. Inderpreet Sawhney Upendra Kohli Umashankar Lakshmipathy Ananthakrishnan Global Head – Education, Training Chief Risk Officer & Global Head – Segment Head – Banking and Chief Delivery Officer Chief Legal Officer and Industry Head – Communications, Service Offering Head and Assessment and Head – India Business Finance and Operations Financial Services Chief Compliance Officer Media and Technology Industry Head – Healthcare Business Planning As of May 31, 2025 Jasmeet Singh Karmesh Gul Vaswani Mohammed Rafee Tarafdar Jayachandran Nair Segment Head – Manufacturing Segment Head – CPG, Logistics Chief Technology Officer Industry Head – Banking and and Retail Financial Services 26 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 27 Performance overview Business highlights Highest ever free cash flow of `34,549 cr for fiscal 2025 Revenues Basic earnings per share Operating margin Carbon neutrality (par value of ₹ 5 each) 1,62,990 21.1 ₹ cr % Carbon neutral for 64.50 6 years in a row Robust operating margin 6.1% growth Y-o-Y Y-o-Y(4) 8.3% growth 4.2% CC growth Y-o-Y Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions growth(3) Free cash flow Consolidated cash and 44.8 investments(1) % Y-o-Y 47,549 ₹ cr FCF conversion at 129.2% of net profit Continue to main strong liquidity position Large deal TCV 2,70,000 + (Total contract value in US$ billion) 11.6 AI Aware employees 11 Sustained momentum in large deal wins continues Lake rejuvenation projects over the last two years, achieving an increase of 4.3 bn liters in water holding capacity. Dividend per share (in ₹) Number of US$50 million + clients 43.0 85 60 MW (2) 13.2% growth Y-o-Y Strong client metrics with increase Solar captive power plants of 2 clients Y-o-Y installed Key trends In ₹ crore, except per equity share data FY 2025 FY 2024 FY 2023 FY 2022 FY 2021 Tech for Good Revenues* 1,62,990 1,53,670 1,46,767 1,21,641 1,00,472 125 mn + Digital skilling profit*# 26,713 26,233 24,095 22,110 19,351 Net 13.3 ₹)* 64.50 63.39 57.63 52.52 45.61 Basic earnings per share (in mn Lives empowered via our Tech for Carbon offset programs Market capitalization 6,52,332 6,21,821 5,92,394 8,02,162 5,82,880 Good solutions in e-governance, education and healthcare People are a part of our digital 2,72,000+ In US$ million, except per equity share data FY 2025 FY 2024 FY 2023 FY 2022 FY 2021 skilling initiatives Rural families continue to benefit Revenues* 19,277 18,562 18,212 16,311 13,561 profit*# 3,158 3,167 2,981 2,963 2,613 Net ₹)* 0.76 0.77 0.71 0.70 0.62 Basic earnings per share (in Note: Market capitalization 75,797 74,425 72,351 104,706 79,760 (1) Comprise cash and cash equivalents, current and non-current investments excluding investments in equity and preference shares, and others. (2) `8.00 Dividend excludes special dividend of per share declared in line with the Capital Allocation Policy for financial year 2024. Notes: (3) Free cash flow is defined as net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditure as per the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows * Based on IFRS consolidated financial statements prepared under IFRS. # Attributable to owners of the Company (4) EPS increase post normalization of income tax refunds 28 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 29 Performance overview Chairman’s message An era of uncertainty As we contemplate the developments of the last few and fall based on the speed of transition. And many assets months, we know we are in an era of uncertainty that could well be stranded. we have never seen before. Multiple trends are colliding Every business vertical is facing challenges of various kinds. and leading us to reexamine the fundamentals of our Car makers are dealing with the transition from ICE engines businesses. to batteries. Pharma companies are looking at accelerating As geopolitics becomes front and centre in our lives, we are the pace of drug discovery with AI. Logistics companies having to take cognizance of the world not as one single are dealing with the complete reordering of global supply global market but as fragmented blocs and countries. chains. Financial service companies are considering This means making strategic choices and even navigating the tokenization of their assets. Energy companies are between these blocs. COVID brought into focus the critical assessing the long-term demand for their products. Utilities and pressing need to derisk our supply chain and build are facing a distributed future. Manufacturing companies viable alternatives. It was no longer enough to deliver are navigating the advent of robots and 3D printing. just-in-time; we had to also factor in for just-in-case. Now Service companies are dealing with AI agents performing tariffs are further driving home the point that we need to their tasks. There is not a sector that remains unscathed diversify our sourcing. Tariffs will be differentiated across as rapid business and technological disruption forces products and countries and will likely keep changing. businesses to adapt and advance. Bilateral and regional rules of trade will dominate. Supply Amid these growing uncertainties, there is a certainty that chains will continue to shift as tariffs become another form Infosys brings, that is of immense value to enterprises. of arbitrage. The Infosys basket of products and services is diversified The advent of AI with all its possibilities and potential across geographies, verticals and technologies with creates another arc of uncertainty. As enterprises look solutions to both traditional and emerging business at applying AI to every aspect of the business, some challenges. These solutions are created to support clients’ longstanding challenges will become imperative and investments in growth as well as for when they are cutting self-evident to firms. For example, the need to modernize back on costs. Infosys is differentiated by its continuous legacy systems, and the need to create data architecture and active investments in nurturing an engaged and so that all the firm’s data is consumable by AI, in a holistic committed workforce. A big part of this investment is in manner, can no longer be put off. Firms will need to have creating flexible training and skilling capability so that an AI foundry for rapid innovation and an AI factory to this workforce is always abreast of changing technology scale successful innovations across the enterprise. While and business practices. There is also a relentless focus on embracing AI will bring a goldmine of opportunities, it will productivity, so business investments work harder. Even not be entirely without some foreseeable risks. Regulatory as Infosys strives to be a truly AI-first company, there is a variances across regions will need to be incorporated simultaneous and equal focus on being at the forefront of into one’s strategy. The early learnings from enterprise AI sustainability. In every way, we seek to continue to rank adoption gives us a glimpse of these potential challenges among the world’s most respected companies. that lie on the path ahead. We’ve always believed in enthusiastically embracing Climate change and the associated energy transition adds change. After all, our brand’s promise to our stakeholders to the crucible of uncertainties. So much of the future is to help them navigate their next. We also have immense depends on innovation and the form of energy that will confidence stemming from our fortress balance sheet – Nandan M. Nilekani fuel us forward – solar, wind, batteries, pumped hydro, characterized by high liquidity, zero debt, and the ability Chairman green hydrogen, nuclear, carbon capture and storage, etc. to withstand uncertainty. Above all, at Infosys, we remain Global climate deals will set the pace of change. The only fully aligned on strategy, yet tactically agile, having high thing certain is that electricity will play a much bigger mutual trust and responsiveness to customers, investors role in the days ahead. And the pace of its rollout will be and employee needs. contingent on building new transmission lines, setting up So many things have changed. Then again, some things charging stations, and acquiring more transformers. This remain unchanged. transformation will naturally be constrained by regulatory cholesterol. The price of various commodities will rise, Nandan M. Nilekani Bengaluru May 14, 2025 Chairman 30 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 31 Performance overview Letter to the Shareholder Dear shareholder, During the year, Infosys was recognized as a top 100 most Financial year 2025 was another year of strong execution valuable brand in the world and ranked among the most for Infosys. We had growth of 4.2%, operating margin of trusted brands in the US, by Kantar BrandZ. For the fifth 21.1%, and free cash flow of US$4.1 billion. We announced consecutive year, we were recognized as one of the World’s `43 per share (including an interim a total dividend of Most Ethical Companies. dividend of `21 per share). We recruited over 15,000 college graduates in the year and Infosys is the leader in AI, cloud, data, and digital for our ended the year with over 3,20,000 employees. 39% of our clients. workforce are women employees. Infosys Topaz brings the power of AI, with a strong The Infosys Foundation continues to create positive impact foundation of cloud and data, to help our clients leverage by supporting the communities we work with, in the areas the next generation of opportunities. To help our clients of healthcare, education, women empowerment, and with AI, we have built a repository of AI agents. These sustainability. Over the year, the Foundation impacted agents improve productivity in areas such as code over 1 crore lives through its outreach programs. Infosys generation, IT operations, bill-to-cash, and quote-to-order. Springboard, our free skilling platform, is helping build We have developed domain-specific language models digital skills globally and has already provided free learning for some industries, IT operations, and cybersecurity. As a programs to 9.2 million people around the world. result of our expertise and strong partnership with industry leaders, we are now offering model development as a Our client relationships have been the foundation of service to our customers. success through the years. We thank our clients for their continued trust and partnership. Our Cobalt cloud capabilities provide the foundation for AI. We are working with the leading public cloud providers, We value the enormous contribution of our over 3,20,000 private cloud players, SaaS companies, and PaaS platforms. employees for making our clients successful. Their dedication and continued pursuit of excellence have Data is another foundational element for AI. Our enabled sustained value creation for our clients. capabilities in data architecture and managing structured and unstructured data give our clients confidence to use Thanks to our Board for their guidance and support for our their data for enterprise AI deployment. strategic direction. Our expertise across enterprise solutions, engineering As technology continues to be more central in the world, services, cybersecurity, applications, infrastructure, and Infosys becomes more relevant to our clients. operations continues to drive value creation for our clients. I remain optimistic about the enormous opportunities we We have continued our focus on cost efficiency, have for the future. automation, lean, and delivering productivity With my warmest regards, improvements for our clients. Sd/- With our deep expertise across AI, cloud, data, digital, and cost efficiency offerings, we are well-established as the Salil Parekh Bengaluru preferred partner for large enterprises across the world. May 30, 2025 Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director Salil Parekh Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director 32 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 33 Performance overview Awards and recognitions • Recognized as one of the best • Infosys BPM won an award at NIQR organizations for women in 2024 by Lean Six Sigma Case Study Contest The Economic Times 2024 • Recognized as India’s Best • Infosys BPM won an award at the CII WorkplacesTM for Women 2024: Top National Lean Competition 2024 50 (Large) for the fourth consecutive • Infosys BPM won the SS&C Blue year by Great Place to Work® Institute Prism Partner Excellence Award • Recognized among ‘Best Companies 2024, under the ‘Intelligent for Women in India (BCWI) study, Automation Award’ category for the • Recognized as the largest IT 2024’ by Avtar & Seramount, and APAC Region employer in Karnataka at the Invest among ‘Best Companies - Hall of Karnataka 2025 Summit Fame’ for having featured in the list, • Positioned as a leader in HFS six editions in a row Horizons for – • Awarded the Diversity and Inclusion • Received Binding Corporate Rules - AADA Quadfecta of Analytics, AI, Data Employer of the Year at the 2024 Certification from EU Data Protection Platforms, and Automation Services Digital Revolution Awards Authorities for Generative Enterprise 2024 • Recognized as one of the “Most Honored” companies, receiving Business multiple awards at the 2024 All- Asia Executive Team Rankings from Cloud Institutional Investor • Infosys featured in 2025 LinkedIn’s Top Companies list in India, US, and • Infosys Consulting listed in Forbes Canada Best Management Consulting Firms • Infosys positioned as a leader in In The World 2024 List QuadrantTM Gartner® Magic for – • Recognized as one of India’s Best Employers Among Nation-Builders • Infosys Consulting listed in Forbes - Public Cloud IT Transformation 2024 by the Great Place To Work® 2025 America’s Best Management Services ESG Institute Consulting Firms List - Cloud ERP Services • Received the Shorty Impact Awards • Infosys was rated as Top 100 most • Recognized as one of India’s Best • Infosys BPM won two awards at ATD in the Gender Equality category for valuable brand in the world by Kantar • Positioned as a leader in The Companies to Work for 2024 by the • Infosys won the following awards 2024: ‘Excellence in Practice Award the #SpotItToStopIt campaign BrandZ; Ranked among the most- WaveTM for – Forrester Great Place To Work® Institute at the Asset ESG Corporate 2024’ and ‘ATD Best Award 2024’ trusted brands in India and the US Awards 2024: Platinum Award for • Received the 2024 UN Women’s WEP - Application Modernization and • Infosys’ Investor Relations (IR) function • Infosys BPM won the PeopleFirst Excellence, Best Investor Relations India Award in the Gender-inclusive Multicloud Managed Services, Q1 has been recognized one of the top HR Excellence Award 2024, in the Team, Best Initiative in Environmental Workplace category 2025 two IR functions among Indian ‘Learning & Development’ category Responsibility, and Best Initiative in AI companies in an annual survey • Awarded Silver in the India - Automation Fabric Services, Q4 2024 Diversity and Inclusion • Infosys BPM received the SSON North conducted by FinanceAsia Workplace Equality Index (IWEI) America Impact Awards 2025 with • Positioned as a leader in IDC • Awarded the Sustainability 2024 • Won the Brandon Hall Group – T-Mobile in the ‘Customer Centricity’ • Infosys featured by Constellation MarketScape for – Champion of the Year Award at the Technology Excellence Award Gold • Recognized as India’s Best category Research in – FICCI Young Leaders Awards 2024 - Asia/Pacific Managed Cloud Services 2024 WorkplacesTM in Diversity, Equity, - Artificial Intelligence and Machine 2024–2025 Vendor Assessment Inclusion & Belonging 2024: Top 25 Learning Best-of-Breed Platforms by Great Place to Work® Institute - Worldwide Adobe Experience Cloud - AI-Driven Cognitive Applications Professional Services 2024–2025 • Recognized as the ‘Champion of Vendor Assessment Inclusion’ in the Most Inclusive - AI Services: Global Companies Index 2024 by Avtar and - EMEA Industry Cloud Professional • Recognized as a leader by Avasant Seramount for the fifth year Services 2024-2025 Vendor in – Assessment • Placed in the leadership category in RadarviewTM - Applied AI Services 2024 the Indian Corporate Governance • Featured by Constellation Research Scorecard Assessment undertaken • Recognized as a leader by ISG in – by Institutional Investor Advisory LensTM Provider study in – • Recognized as a Top 3 IT services • Recognized as one of the World’s • Recognized as the Global Top - Public Cloud Transformation Services: Services (IiAS) for the eighth year in brand and the fastest growing IT Most Ethical Companies in 2025 Employer 2025 for the fifth - Intelligent Automation Services 2024 Global a row services brand globally in the Brand for the fifth consecutive year by consecutive year by the Top in US and Europe Finance Global 500 2025 report Ethisphere Employers Institute - Advanced Analytics and AI Services 2024 in US and Europe 34 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 35 Awards and recognitions • Infosys BPM recognized as a leader • Infosys BPM won the ‘Outsourcing - Manufacturing Industry Services 2024 - Life & Annuity (L&A) Insurance IT in the Lending Services PEAK Matrix® Impact Champion’ award at the in North America and Europe Services PEAK Matrix® Assessment Assessment 2024 by Everest Group Outsourcing Impact Review (OIR) 2024 - Power & Utilities Services 2024 in 2024 for ‘Project Genesis’ • Featured by Constellation Research North America, Europe, and APAC - Digital Commerce Services PEAK in – • Infosys BPM ranked as Innovators Matrix® Assessment 2024 - Sustainability and ESG 2024 study in in Avasant Digital Masters Business - Metaverse Design and Services Australia, US and Europe - Digital Workplace Services PEAK • Rated as a leader by Everest Group RadarviewTM Process Transformation Matrix® Assessment 2024 – Europe in – - Custom Software Development • Rated as a leader by Everest Group Industries Services in – - Digital Workplace Services PEAK - Microsoft Azure Services PEAK Matrix® Matrix® Assessment 2024 – North - Digital Transformation Services (DTX): Assessment 2024 - Healthcare Industry Cloud Services America Global PEAK Matrix® Assessment 2024 • Infosys positioned as a leader in IDC - Focus on Appian - Low-code - Customer Experience (CX) Operations • Positioned as a leader in HFS MarketScape for – • Rated as a leader by NelsonHall in – Application Development Services Services: Global Horizons for – • Positioned as a leader in HFS - Worldwide Distributed Energy - Wealth & Asset Management 2024 PEAK Matrix® Assessment 2024 - Customer Experience (CX) Design & - Industry Cloud Service Providers, 2024 Horizons for – Resource Management Systems - Core Banking Services 2025 Execution Services: Global - Focus on OutSystems - Low-code Service Providers 2024 Vendor - Azure Ecosystem Services Providers, - The Best Service Providers for Core Application Development Services - Cybersecurity Services Assessment 2024 Banking Modernization PEAK Matrix® Assessment 2024 - Innovation Services and Engineering - Worldwide Consulting and Digital • Recognized as a leader by ISG - IoT Service Providers, 2024 - Focus on Microsoft Power Apps - Services Providers for the Upstream - Microsoft End-to-End Service LensTM study in – Provider Low-code Application Development - Sustainability Services, 2024 Oil and Gas Industry 2024 Vendor Providers Services PEAK Matrix® Assessment - Oracle Cloud and Technology Assessment - Salesforce Services, 2025 - QA Tools for NextGen Apps 2024 Ecosystem in US, APAC, and Europe - Worldwide Consulting and - Generative Enterprise Services, 2025 • Recognized as a leader by Avasant - Custom Application Development • Rated as a leader by NelsonHall in – Digital Services Providers for the in – Services PEAK Matrix® Assessment Downstream Oil and Gas Industry - End-to-End Cloud Infrastructure 2025 • Recognized as a leader by ISG 2024 Vendor Assessment - Cybersecurity Services 2024 Management Services NEAT 2024 LensTM Provider study in – RadarviewTM - Application Management Services • Recognized as a leader by Avasant - Worldwide Life Science R&D ITO PEAK Matrix® Assessment 2025 in – - SAP Ecosystem 2024 in US, Germany, Services 2024 - Multisourcing Service Integration Digital and Global RadarviewTM 2023–2024 - SAP Business Application Services - Manufacturing Digital Services 2024 - Worldwide Smart Insurance Producer PEAK Matrix® Assessment 2025 RadarviewTM - Salesforce Ecosystem Partners 2024 Management Applications in US • Rated as a leader by NelsonHall in – • Infosys positioned as a leader in IDC - Worldwide Service Providers for • Infosys Finacle won the ‘Innovation MarketScape for – - Mainframe Services 2025 in US, Utilities Customer Operations 2024 - Learning Platforms NEAT 2024 in Offering Award with RCBC Europe, and US Public Services Vendor Assessment - Asia/Pacific SAP Implementation DiskarTech’ and the ‘Customer - Quality Engineering NEAT 2024 Services 2024 Vendor Assessment • Rated as a leader by Everest Group - FinTech 2024 Rankings & Program Impact Award with - Cognitive & Self-Healing IT in – IndusInd Bank’ at the IBSi Digital - Asia/Pacific Salesforce • Positioned as a leader in HFS Infrastructure Management Solutions Banking Awards 2024 Implementation Services 2024–2025 - Capital Markets IT Services PEAK Horizons for – 2025 Vendor Assessment Matrix® Assessment 2024 • Infosys Finacle won Excellence in - Healthcare Payer Services 2024 • Infosys BPM recognized as a leader Corporate Digital Banking with - Worldwide Digital Workplace Services - Global In-house Center (GIC) Setup LensTM study in - in ISG Provider - The Best Service Providers for Zand Bank at the Finnovex Awards 2024 Vendor Assessment Capabilities in India – Provider PEAK Commercial Banks, 2025 Middle East 2024 - Global Financing & Accounting Matrix® Assessment 2024 - European SAP Modernization Services Outsourcing Services Study (P2P, O2C, - Telecom Service Providers, 2025 • Infosys Finacle won 2 industry awards 2024 Vendor Assessment - Digital Transformation Consulting R2R and FP&A) at Finnovex Awards Southern Africa Services PEAK Matrix® Assessment • Positioned as a leader in The Forrester • Recognized as a leader by ISG - Worldwide SAP Implementation 2024: ‘Excellence in Customer - Quadrant Study on Procurement 2024 – North America WaveTM for – LensTM study in – Provider Services 2025 Vendor Assessment Experience with Standard Bank’, Services 2024 - Salesforce Services PEAK Matrix® - Continuous Automation And Testing - Oil & Gas Industry - Services and ‘Excellence in Payment Solutions for - Worldwide IIoT Engineering and • Recognized as a Market Maker in Assessment 2024 Services, Q2 2024 Solutions 2024 in Europe and North Finacle Payments’ Managed Services CapioIT Salesforce SI and Solutions America - Open Banking IT Services PEAK - Infrastructure Outsourcing Services, • MEA Finance Banking Technology Providers Ecosystem Capture Share - Worldwide IIoT Consulting and Matrix® Assessment 2024 Q4 2024 - Healthcare Digital Services 2024 in US Awards 2024: Best Composable Report, 2024 Integration Services Banking Transformation – Emirates - Private Equity IT Services PEAK Matrix® - Modern Application Development - Insurance Services 2024 in North • Recognized as a leader in CapioIT • Infosys BPM won the Avasant Digital NBD and Infosys Finacle Assessment 2024 Services, Q1 2025 America, ANZ, and Europe APAC Salesforce SI and Solutions Masters Award 2024 in the Business Providers Ecosystem Capture Share Process Transformation category - Telecom, Media & Entertainment Report, 2025 Industry Services 2024 in EMEA 36 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 37 Approaching value creation Our business context Awards and recognitions • Infosys Finacle received the • Won the 2024 Oracle - • Infosys BPM recognized as a leader Technology & Innovation Award in the IDC MarketScape: Worldwide - Global Services Partner (Apps) Award under the Best Solution for Trade Enterprise Analytics and AI Business for Innovation & Supply Chain category at the TMI Process Services for Finance and • Solution Innovation Award: Awards for Innovation & Excellence – Accounting 2024 Vendor Assessment Optimizing Customer Experience 2024 • Infosys McCamish ranked as a leader LensTM - Customer Success Award: Innovative Insurance • Infosys Finacle alongside its clients in ISG Provider Cloud Deployment Platform Solutions study in North Newcastle Permanent (NP), Union America Bank of Philippines, and Axis Bank - Applications/SaaS Continental Europe received recognition at the Retail Innovation Partner Award • Infosys BPM recognized as a leader Banker International Asia Trailblazer in the Finance & Accounting - Applications/SaaS Continental Europe Awards 2025 for Best Partnership Outsourcing (FAO) PEAK Matrix® Customer Success Partner Award for Customer Experience (with NP), Assessment 2024 by Everest Group Best Open Banking Initiative (with • Infosys Topaz won - • Infosys Finacle has been positioned as Union Bank of Philippines), and Best - ‘Disruption Partner of the Year’ at a leader in the Wealth Management Strategic Partnership (with Axis Databricks Data AI Summit 2024 Products PEAK Matrix® Assessment Bank) 2024 Report by Everest Group - ‘Services Partner of the Year 2024’ • Infosys Finacle alongside its clients for ‘Snowflake Retail and Consumer • Infosys Finacle has been positioned Zand Bank, Emirates NBD, Union Bank Goods Data Cloud’ category at as a leader in the Consumer Loan of Philippines, and Arab National Bank Snowflake Data Cloud Summit 2024 Origination Systems (LOS) – received recognition at the Global Products PEAK Matrix® Assessment Business Magazine Winners 2025 for - ‘Innovative Partner of the Year 2024’ 2024 Report by Everest Group Best Digital-First Bank UAE 2025 Technology continues to transform business. The need for professionals • Focus on cost takeouts to award at Collibra Excellence Awards (Zand Bank), Best Cloud-Based Core 2024 businesses in every industry who are highly skilled in both deal with the uncertain global Banking Implementation Saudi Ecosystem around the world in a profound traditional and digital technology environment. - NASSCOM AI Gamechangers Awards Arabia 2025 (Emirates NBD), Best and fundamental way. In fiscal areas is driving businesses to 2023-24 for Manufacturing Customer Experience Innovation • Increase in enterprise spending Philippines 2025 (Union Bank of 2025, AI, including agentic AI, build strategic technology and on hybrid, multi-cloud / AI-led • Infosys won the SAP LeanIX Growth Philippines), and Outstanding Digital generative AI, 5G, Low Code No IT partnerships to realize their transformation. For more awards and recognition, visit Partner of the Year Award at the SAP Banking Transformation Saudi Code and quantum computing transformation journeys. Transformation Excellence Summit https://www.infosys.com/about/awards. • Intense competition for talent as Arabia 2025 (Arab National Bank) shaped the future of industries. html enterprises embrace new ways We see AI across industries fine- • Won Google Cloud Partner of • Infosys BPM recognized as a leader From new AI architectures like of working amid scarcity of niche tune the necessities of specialized the Year Award for the Fourth in 2024 Gartner Magic Quadrant small language models and multi- digital skills. Consecutive Year domains and tasks. Firms globally are for Finance and Accounting Business agents to precision manufacturing, racing to support AI agents and we Process Outsourcing • Continued focus on ESG as a • Won AWS 2024 Sustainability this year, we are tackling some are on the path to enabling them. Partner of the Year – APJ strategic theme for all enterprise • Infosys Finacle recognized as a of the hardest challenges across Agents are expected to drive the next stakeholders. leader in the 2025 Gartner Magic industries by building strong wave of monetization of AI. Central Quadrant for Retail Core Banking Intense competition marks the data foundations with robust to this shift of AI agents is the agenda Systems, Europe delivery of traditional services in cloud capabilities. Responsible to build intelligent systems that are • Infosys Finacle positioned as a a rapidly changing marketplace, business approaches, including capable of doing tasks with multiple leader in the IDC MarketScape: especially with the emergence of embracing Environmental, Social steps, autonomous interactions Worldwide Cash Management new players in niche technology and Governance (ESG), continue with tools and data and automating Systems 2024 Vendor Assessment; areas. Infosys’ industry expertise, to gain traction. We continued to Worldwide Integrated Bank Payment business workflows. end-to-end service capability and witness businesses attempting to Systems 2024 Vendor Assessment; digital solutions, ability to scale, The future of the technology industry reimagine their cost structures, North America Digital Core Banking established platforms, superior continues to be shaped by the Platforms 2024 Vendor Assessment; increase business resilience and Europe, Middle East, and Africa Digital quality and process execution, following trends: agility, personalize experiences • Infosys-Fluido won ‘Best Salesforce Core Banking Platforms 2024 Vendor distributed agile global delivery for customers and employees, • Focus on enterprise AI capabilities Partner to Work For’ at the 2024 Assessment; Asia/Pacific Digital Core model, experienced management and launch new and disruptive Digital Revolution Awards Banking Platforms 2024 Vendor • Demand for IT services with team, talented professionals and products and services. Enterprises are Assessment growth pockets emerging in areas track record are often cited as clear leveraging AI to extend the value of like cloud, cybersecurity, IoT and differentiators. existing investments and, in parallel, immersive technologies. transform and future-proof their 38 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 39 Approaching value creation Strategy Our business context Our solutions are classified as digital and core. The way we navigate your next, every We are seeing growing demand from 2,70,000 of our employees today different next that you’re pursuing, is clients to partner with them as they are AI-aware. Our platforms are also Digital to view it holistically across capabilities, prepare their enterprises for success enhanced with generative AI aspects. focus areas and desired outcomes. in the AI era, where they are moving Expand localization from a use-case-based approach to Experience Accelerate We offer four distinct learnings and an agentic AI-led transformational Aiming to create differentiated talent advantages to our clients. approach. Insight Assure pools and ecosystems in our markets, First, we empower businesses with we made significant investments in We have successfully delivered agile digital at scale. We do this by expanding our local workforce in the Innovate over 400 generative AI projects bringing together new technologies, US, UK, Europe, Japan, China, Canada by bringing Infosys Topaz, our the swiftness of agile delivery and our and Australia. generative and agentic AI-powered global delivery model to create new Infosys Cobalt is a set of services, solutions, and platforms for enterprises to accelerate their cloud journey. Looking ahead, and to continue services and solutions. Our AI work enterprise-wide capability that delivers staying relevant to the emerging spans a wide spectrum of priority unprecedented levels of business needs of our clients, we prioritize: areas like process improvement, performance and customer delight. Infosys Topaz is an AI-first offering to accelerate business value for global enterprises using generative AI. engineering, customer service, • Our journey of being AI-first and Secondly, we enable enterprises cybersecurity, and employee our customers’ navigation to AI; with an AI-powered core. We build a productivity. We have built four • Agentic AI is now at the forefront deeply automated foundation that small language models for banking, Infosys Aster is an AI-amplified marketing suite that delivers engaging brand experiences, enhanced of most of our client conversations, serves up vital insights to prioritize IT operations, cyber and enterprises marketing efficiency, and accelerated business growth. and we are seeing a strong the execution of change. And we broadly. business case to drive efficiency do this by not wishing away, but Core and improve customer experience. Energize the core harnessing and energizing the core. Through our Infosys Agentic In fiscal 2025, we won a total contract Third, our always-on learning agenda Application management services Infrastructure management services Foundry, we have developed value of over US$11.6 billion in large drives continuous improvement for hundreds of agents across various deals, continuing to demonstrate our them. We build and transfer digital industries. Multiple agentic Proprietary application development services Traditional enterprise application implementation capabilities and competitiveness in skills, expertise and ideas from our projects went live, showing strong executing complex transformations. innovation ecosystem to help them Returns on Investments in terms of Independent validation solutions Support and integration services Our capabilities support our clients transition to new agile ways of working. cost as well as business benefits. in their growth areas related to AI, • Continuing to scale our cloud Lastly, we further complement this cloud, and digital and their efficiency Product engineering and management Business process management capabilities, especially in cloud with the advantages of our expanded areas related to automation, cost advisory, data on cloud, cloud localization in the form of in-market reduction, and consolidation. While security, SaaS, PaaS, IaaS and Digital accelerators state-of-the-art training facilities we witness a strong deal momentum, private cloud; and innovation hubs that give our we have also enhanced our GCC clients the benefit of proximity in • Expanding capabilities in key Infosys Metaverse Foundry eases and fast-tracks enterprises’ exploration of the metaverse, capabilities across consult, sell, build co-creation. digital technology areas such including virtual and augmented environments, for their customers, workplace, products and and deliver. as AI, product engineering, operations. We believe the investments we have Reskill our people cybersecurity and human made, and continue to make, in our Infosys Center for Emerging Technology Solutions focuses on incubation of NextGen services Center for Emerging experience; strategy will enable us to advise and Technology Solutions Continuous learning and reskilling and offerings by identifying and building technology capabilities to accelerate innovation. • Strengthening our employee value help our clients as they tackle the have always been integral to our proposition for the newer contexts current market conditions. Over the Key products and platforms operating model. We operate our of work and workplace; last few years, we have executed reskilling program with the twin on this strategy and generated • Running our operations in a cost objectives of fulfilling demand significant outcomes. effective and agile manner with for digital skills in client projects a comprehensive plan for margin and enriching the expertise of our Scale agile digital expansion; global workforce in next-generation technologies and methodologies. Our digital transformation is • Delivering on our ESG We invested in and scaled our digital today enhanced with AI. We have commitments, while also enabling reskilling program globally to include reimagined ourselves to be an AI-first our clients to realize their the latest generative AI courses. Over organization. We are rated as a leader sustainability goals. in 58 digital offerings. 40 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 41 Approaching value creation Value creation model Process and Strategy Inputs Outputs Outcomes Stakeholders Financial Capital Financial Capital Client offerings 4.2% Constant currency revenue growth • Profitable growth Digital `95,818 cr Net assets growth(1) 8.3% Earnings per share • Sustained / long-term cash flow Products `47,549 cr Consolidated cash and investments 29.0% Return on equity Platforms 44.8% Free cash flow growth Core solutions Intellectual Capital Intellectual Capital • Diversified portfolio of solutions Investors 58 Digital leader ratings 2,70,000+ AI Aware employees across industry segments #1 Rating in AI • Innovation partner to clients 200+ Industry-leading products, solutions • Partner of choice for social and 543 Artifacts published by the Infosys Strategy and platforms powering Infosys Cobalt environmental solutions for the Knowledge Institute (IKI) and Topaz offerings community Clients 35 Reports published by IKI 370+ Startups in our innovation ecosystem Exp gital an 823 Patents in the portfolio (granted / pending) di d gile lo calizatio a Scale • Infosys has been recognized as Environment n Human Capital Human Capital a Global Top Employer for the Employees fourth consecutive year by the Top 3,23,578 Total no. of employees 15,288 Fresh graduates hired globally Employers Institute. 71.35 Annual average training hours per 1,26,332 Women in the workforce (39.0%) • Best-in-class employee experience Social Governance employee and learning 156 Nationalities in the workforce `2,066 cr Investments in employee well-being ple Our people and • Safe and inclusive workplaces En o pe the strong culture erg Suppliers ur ize of innovation o th Reskill e co Natural and Manufactured Capital Natural and Manufactured Capital re • FICCI award for leadership in sustainability 6th year Carbon neutral 29.7 mn sq. ft. Highest rated green buildings • Productive, safe and healthy 71% Reduction in scope 1 and 2 emissions 77.7% Share of renewables in our India Communities workplaces for employees over the BAU scenario operations • Environmental stewardship ASSURE Transforming India’s building sector Holistic approach to decarbonizing the value chain beyond our boundary Go-to-market business units Government / Hi-Tech Social and Relationship Capital Social and Relationship Capital Regulators Manufacturing 13.3 mn People enabled in digital skills • Positive impact on the `628 cr Global CSR spends Life Sciences and Healthcare communities in which we operate 365 New client accounts 1,869 Total no. of active clients Financial Services and Insurance • Trusted partner of choice for all 72,205 Employees in nearshore / tier-2 locations 25 No. of nearshore / tier-2 locations stakeholder groups Energy, Utilities, Resources and Services 2,72,000+ Rural families continue to benefit from our 9 No. of carbon offset projects Communications, Telecom OEM and Media carbon offset projects Retail, Consumer Packaged Goods and Logistics Public Services Others including segments of businesses in India, Japan and China (1) EPS increase post normalization of income tax refunds 42 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 43 Delivering value Financial Capital We obtain our Financial Capital through the funds generated from our Basic earnings per share Market capitalization Revenue growth business operations and financing activities. Our strong performance Material topics ` In on the back of meticulous execution over the years, as reflected in the 63.39 64.50 ` In crore • Scale agile digital & Energize 57.63 combination of high growth, strong cash generation and profitability, the core has led to building a strong, debt-free, and liquid Balance Sheet. Our 6,52,332 6,21,821 • Shareholder returns 5,92,394 focus is on ensuring a sustainable and profitable financial position. Our In % • High returns on equity stakeholders expect us to deliver long-term growth riding on a solid 20.7 strategy and prudent business decisions. Our shareholders are looking UN SDG mapping for good returns on their investment and steady capital returns. 6.1 4.7 “Effective from financial year 2025, the Company 2023 2024 2025 2023 2024 2025 2023 2024 2025 expects to continue its policy of returning Free cash flows Return on equity Dividend per share approximately 85% of the free cash flow cumulatively over a five-year period through a combination of ` In crore 34,549 ` In In % semi-annual dividends and / or share buyback / 43.0 32.1 31.2 38.0(1) special dividends, subject to applicable laws and 29.0 23,865 34.0 Performance highlights 20,443 requisite approvals, if any.” Revenue growth The Company expects to progressively increase 6.1 its annual dividend per share (excluding special % 2023 2024 2025 2023 2024 2025 2023 2024 2025 dividend if, any). Operating margin (1) `8.00 Dividend excludes special dividend of per share 21.1 % Shareholder value creation meets, the Annual General Meeting, this policy, the Company expects Managing financial capital Return on equity and regular one-to-one and group to progressively increase its annual We constantly endeavor to fulfill the 29.0 interactions. dividend per share (excluding special % Infosys has a high cash-generating mutual funds, fixed maturity plan expectations of our investors through dividend if any). Details of our Capital Distribution of value business with access to capital securities, commercial paper, quoted responsible business decisions Allocation Policy are available at markets across the world. Our strong bonds issued by government and and governance. Integrity and created through Capital (1) Dividend per share growth https://www.infosys.com/investors/ credit rating allows us to raise debt semi-government organizations, transparency are top priorities in our 13.2 corporate-governance/documents/ Allocation Policy at competitive rates in the future, non-convertible debentures and % relationship with our investors. capital-allocation-policy.pdf. if needed. The primary source of CDs or certificates of deposits – all The Company has returned We are privileged to share a strong Delivering value through funds is cash from operations and such instruments issued by eligible approximately `88,400 crore, which (2) Free cash flow growth relationship with investors based income from short and long-term financial institutions with high credit is 85% of the cumulative free cash business strategy 44.8 on a deep understanding of their investments, among others. ratings guided by our treasury policy. % flow for fiscals 2020-2024 through expectations and our commitment to Our market-oriented four-pronged dividends and buybacks, in line with Our primary sources of liquidity We also build financial assets and creating value for them. Infosys aims strategy enables us to invest in CRISIL Rating the Capital Allocation Policy. are cash and cash equivalents and create financial value by investing to deliver superior revenue growth expanding our global digital AAA the cash flow generated from our in the startup ecosystem. These and operating margins through “Effective from financial year footprint. This helps Infosys to be operations. We continue to remain investments enable us to access prudent financial management 2025, the Company expects to recognized as a partner of choice debt-free, and we maintain adequate innovation, which together with and sound corporate governance – continue its policy of returning for digital transformation and also Robust working capital cash to meet our operational our services and solutions, deliver resulting in share value appreciation, approximately 85% of the free cash increases our potential to attract 54,249 and strategic requirements, and benefits to our clients. Most leading to sustained value flow cumulatively over a 5-year ` cr larger Total Contract Value (TCV) unforeseen events while also earning often, our investments comprise creation for investors. We maintain period through a combination deals and clients. This enhances sufficient returns. minority equity positions in startup (1) `8.00 Dividend excludes special dividend of transparency in our disclosures of semi-annual dividends and/or our ability to generate industry- per share declared in line with the Capital organizations and / or venture and frequent communication with share buyback / special dividends, leading growth and profitability, thus Our consolidated cash and Allocation Policy for financial year 2024. capital funds. investors through channels such as subject to applicable laws and (3) Free cash flow is defined as net cash provided generating shareholder value. investments include deposits in by operating activities less capital expenditure quarterly post-result calls, analyst requisite approvals, if any.” Under banks, investments in liquid as per the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows prepared under IFRS. 44 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 45 Delivering value Human Capital scheduling. Innovations like facial Our employees are our most important assets. We are committed Nurturing workplace Our employee well-being rates recognition and compliance-driven reached an all-time high of 91% to hiring and retaining the best talent and being among the Material topics inclusivity checks enhance security and among employees across locations. industry’s leading employers. For this, we focus on promoting • Employee Value Proposition At Infosys, we believe diversity is integrity in the hiring process. We a collaborative, transparent and participative organizational Infosys internship • Employee health and wellness not just a value — it is a strategic have also introduced intelligent job culture, and rewarding merit and sustained high performance. program • Nurturing workplace inclusivity advantage. A diverse workforce recommendation features on our Our human resources management focuses on allowing our brings richer perspectives, fuels career platforms, helping candidates • Energizing local communities employees to develop their skills, grow in their careers and InStep, Infosys’ flagship global creativity, strengthens problem- discover relevant opportunities navigate their next. Infosys remains committed to nurture an internship program, has 200+ partner UN SDG mapping solving, and drives deeper based on their unique skills and inclusive workplace for our diverse talent. institutions in over 50 countries, more connection with global markets. experience. than 3,300 alumni members and Infosys conducts cross-cultural We strive to create a world-class employee interns from over 50 nationalities. For new joiners, onboarding collaboration workshops to cement InStep has been ranked as the World’s initiatives such as Infosys Immerse in experience, focusing on Experience by Design inclusion. Diversity drives innovation #1 Internship Program, five times in a the metaverse, AI-powered assistants, – designing consistent best-in-class policies, and innovation drives Infosys. row by Vault Firsthand, a prestigious and smart identity verification tools processes, programs and systems, keeping As part of our ESG Vision 2030, career intelligence platform. InStep are shaping seamless and engaging we aim to achieve 45% female employees at the core of whatever we do. has been instrumental in building entry experiences. For managers representation in our workforce by strong academic partnerships and leaders, AI tools enable intuitive 2030. In fiscal 2025, we had ~1,25,000 for Infosys with premier global access to data, proactive nudges, and women, making up about 39% of the institutions, generating numerous insights that support informed and total workforce. patents and publications, along empathetic decision-making. Our AI- with contributing to the overall driven Pulse analysis also empowers Employee Value C-LIFE: Our guiding principles – The Infosys Way of Life localization efforts. continuous listening, helping us Client value, Leadership by example, Performance highlights Proposition identify employee sentiment and At Infosys, our culture is the Localization Integrity and transparency, Fairness act early to enhance well-being and heartbeat of our organization. It is Our Employee Value Proposition and Excellence – are deeply engagement. We established innovation hubs, not just about what we do, but why inspires our people to build what’s embedded in our behavior and Employees globally nearshore centers and digital design we exist. Over the past 40 years, our next for themselves, their teams In learning and development, we permeate everything we do, upheld 3,23,578 studios across geographies. In values, excellence, collaboration, and their clients. It also ensures that are deploying generative AI to by each one of us. fiscal 2025, we recruited 94% of our and most importantly, our people our employees continuously learn deliver personalized learning paths, Inclusivity: We are committed to employees locally in our markets. Our have molded our unique culture. In and grow in their career, while also simulate real-world scenarios, building and sustaining an inclusive hybrid work model, centered on our turn, our culture has become a way Nationalities in the workforce creating opportunities for every and assist in content creation. and equal opportunity workplace, people and their comfort, offers the of life that inspires and enables our 156 employee to navigate further. AI companions on our learning with a vision of taking everyone flexibility of working from home and employees to find purpose, make These efforts have resulted in faster platform Lex, such as Zoiee and forward. office, at locations closest to their an indelible impact, and shape our growth, broader career options, SynthAIz, provide intelligent homes. As part of this strategy, we collective future. We call it the Infosys increased talent mobility and sharper Learning: We enable our people AI aware employees tutoring, summarization, and have set up offices in Ahmedabad, Way of Life. compensation differentiation. to grow professionally and enrich 2,70,000 contextual learning support. These + Guwahati, Kolkata, Visakhapatnam, their skills for the future, leveraging innovations ensure every employee Care: We prioritize creating a Employee health and Noida, Hubballi, Indore, Navi Lex, our online learning platform. receives guidance aligned to their culture centered on caring for our Mumbai, Nagpur and Coimbatore in wellness The Career Canvas consolidates Employees have voluntarily goals, skill levels, and preferred employees, addressing their overall India over the last few years. disclosed their disability multiple career avenues – internal learning styles. From automated needs, and fostering an environment Infosys’ Health Assessment and job postings, projects, and Bridge offboarding to retention analysis, AI 1,095 where empathy prevails. Leveraging AI to improve Lifestyle Enrichment (HALE) program programs – into one view, helping also supports thoughtful transitions is a non-monetary employee benefit employee experience Collaboration: We come together employees identify next-role while maintaining a human touch. and has been recognized as the as One Infosys, leveraging the full possibilities, assess skill gaps, and Our vision is clear: To responsibly Employee satisfaction score At Infosys, we recognize that every best internal brand with great recall spectrum of our capabilities and receive personalized learning use AI not as a replacement, but as 77 employee is unique and so should be and participation. Our wellness collective strength to navigate our % recommendations. a powerful enabler that enhances their journey in the organization. Our philosophy stands on four pillars – next steps. personalization, improves operational AI-powered recruitment capabilities Read more in our ESG Report 2025 physical, emotional, social well-being agility, and helps to reinforce our streamline candidate screening, and safety. Fresh graduates hired globally commitment to a people-first, future- dynamically match talent with open 15,288 ready workplace. roles, and enable intelligent interview 46 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 47 Delivering value Intellectual Capital Our Intellectual Capital is driven by agility, flexibility, and tech innovations from across the inception. For more information, visit enhancing tools. We have 823 globe. Today, IIN boasts of 370+ https://infosys.com/iki. patents (granted / pending) in the innovation. We are committed to working with experts, partners, Material topics startups, which have had over 1,000+ portfolio. Over 866 trademarks academia, and other stakeholders to develop new products and Product innovation • Innovation and Intellectual client impressions. Over the past registered (or pending) across 51 services that meet the needs of our customers and communities. Property 12 months, we’ve engaged with countries underscore the strength of We are also focused on strengthening our Tech for Good solutions EdgeVerve Systems Limited, a • Products, platforms and solutions numerous startups, universities, our brand. and providing an environment to incubate new businesses and wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys, • Responsible AI corporate ventures and hyperscalers scale startup-led offerings. is a premier developer of Enterprise “Well Known”: Infosys is regarded by across geographies like the US, Transformation Platforms that Indian authorities as being a “Well UN SDG mapping EU, and India, in spaces like gen empower clients to unlock limitless Known” trademark. This gives us legal AI, AI and data, fintech, cloud, possibilities in their AI-led digital rights across sectors. With iCETS, living labs, Infosys Innovation Network cybersecurity, InsurTech, and more. transformation journey. and Infosys Business Incubator, we have a broad Most valuable brand: Infosys leads Infosys Business Incubator EdgeVerve AI Next: The unified the industry with the fastest growing portfolio of offerings across industry segments, while AI platform is designed to harness (IBI) CAGR in brand value of 18% over five the Infosys Prize and Aarohan Social Innovation the power of generative AI and the years and maintains leadership as a IBI is designed to create and scale transformative potential of agentic Awards provide a platform for innovators and social global Top 3 IT services brand. entrepreneurship capabilities within AI. It eliminates silos across people, entrepreneurs, respectively. #1 rating in AI Infosys. The primary goal of IBI is processes, data, and technology – to create next-generation micro driving business transformation and Performance highlights We have been identified as a platform and micro serviceline-led enabling enterprises to scale applied global leader in nine AI rankings by businesses for Infosys. The incubator AI seamlessly. By combining AI-driven various industry analysts. We have curates new cohorts of businesses insights, cloud-native architecture, IncubateNext: Provides our clients successfully delivered over 400 Center for Emerging Client living labs each year, creating a flywheel of Technology Solutions and cutting-edge automation, we with rapid and agile innovation generative AI projects with Infosys 100 innovation for Infosys and our clients. provide flexible, scalable solutions capabilities. + Topaz, our generative and agentic Infosys Center for To create and sustain entrepreneurial that empower organizations to AI-powered services and solutions. We have also established Applied Emerging Technology skills and capacity, and nurture talent, adapt and thrive in an ever-changing Our AI work spans a wide spectrum Research Centers (ARC) that focus on we have launched the Business Patents (granted / pending) digital landscape, minimizing Solutions (iCETS) of priority areas like process technological and trends research Incubator Club. 823 disruptions while enhancing improvement, engineering, customer across diverse domains such as iCETS is the emerging technology agility and scalability. From global Infosys Knowledge service, cybersecurity, and employee Applied AI, New Interaction Models, solution incubation partner for business services and enterprise productivity. We have built four Autonomous Machines, Advanced Institute (IKI) Infosys’ clients and units. It provides transformation to supply chain Infosys Knowledge Institute assets small language models for banking, Cybersecurity and other emerging next-generation platforms and optimization, EdgeVerve AI Next IKI is the business research and 1,500 IT operations, cyber and enterprises technology areas. innovation-as-a-service to help is a catalyst for profound business + thought leadership arm of Infosys. broadly. future-proof enterprise businesses, transformation. IKI harnesses the intellectual Living labs leveraging New Emerging and ESG solutions capital of Infosys’ experts and client With a strong entrepreneurial culture, Trademark for Infosys in India eXploratory Technologies (NEXT). collaborations to produce novel, EdgeVerve continues to innovate We collaborate with our clients to We are deeply committed to “Well Known” There are four distinct dimensions distinctive content and insights on and drive impact across industries, enable rapid prototyping, incubating empower our clients to take across which iCETS delivers the business impact that technology including financial services, and piloting of innovative solutions, meaningful climate action innovation: can drive for enterprises. IKI also insurance, retail, consumer goods both through client and Infosys living through our innovative solutions. Rating for iCETS platforms by InspireNext: A set of capabilities and develops proprietary data and and life sciences. Read more at labs. With over 100+ client living labs, Leveraging the latest advancements analysts offerings designed to help discover insights through primary research, https://www.edgeverve.com/ai-next. Infosys has helped our clients explore Industry leader in technology, we offer tailored new possibilities of doing business. including large-scale surveys and and develop art-of-the-possible consulting and comprehensive quantitative analysis. These are IP, patents and trademarks emerging technology solutions. analytics to help our clients ServiceNext: Leverages newly- published through its flagship Radar Accounted for 1,000+ client understand and mitigate their developed capabilities and Infosys Innovation Infosys actively innovates and maturity reports, the annual Tech impressions by environmental impact. Our end- Intellectual Property (IP) to develops platforms, products and 370+ startups Network (IIN) Navigator report and ongoing Tech to-end partnership construct differentiate our service offerings or tools that constitute its collection Compass tech trends series, and ensures that we provide holistic create new offerings for our clients. IIN is a well-orchestrated partnership of IP assets. These assets, which are industry-focused market outlooks and integrated solutions, enabling Rating in AI of select startups, universities, available on the Infosys Marketplace, ConnectNext: Brings together and executive journals. IKI has clients to adopt sustainable practices hyperscalers and Infosys to incubate #1 are used to differentiate ourselves innovations from an external collaborated with 800 clients and seamlessly. and bring the best of emerging in the market or as productivity- ecosystem of hyperscalers, startups created over 1,500 assets since and universities. 48 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 49 Delivering value Natural Capital as living case studies, enabling Decades before climate change emerged as a global boardroom Waste management: Towards To date, our carbon offset initiatives the replication of climate-resilient, have benefited over 2,72,000 rural priority, Infosys had recognized that natural capital is integral a circular economy Material topics energy-efficient infrastructure. families and created more than 3,900 to long-term value creation. Our approach to managing At Infosys, our waste strategy • Carbon neutrality The initiative brings together local jobs. We see these efforts not environmental impact is holistic, scientific, and anchored in is grounded in the principles of • Renewable energy global experts, policymakers, and only as a way to meet our climate responsible growth. We have pledged to maintain carbon neutrality reduction, recovery, and reuse. We • Offsets for community industry leaders to shape a future goals but also as an opportunity to across Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions. Our commitment goes beyond are steadily advancing towards development where India’s buildings are radically uplift communities and improve lives. compliance – it is about leading by example and setting new our goal of zero waste to landfills. more sustainable. With a goal of • Advocacy for climate action standards in corporate climate responsibility. Water stewardship: Organic waste, which accounts for demonstrating 100 million sq.ft. of • Water stewardship Conserving a vital resource approximately 75% of our total super-efficient commercial real estate • Zero waste to landfill We are now evolving from carbon neutrality to climate waste, is treated entirely onsite by 2030, ASSURE focuses on sectors Water management has long been through composting and recycling positivity – investing in regenerative practices, nature- UN SDG mapping with the highest energy and emission a cornerstone of our environmental mechanisms. intensity. The ASSURE program strategy. As a signatory to the CEO based solutions, and green innovation to restore will provide technical support to Water Mandate, we are committed Our progress is aligned with the TRUE ecosystems and capture more carbon than we emit. developers, skill and upskill 12,000 to minimizing water consumption zero waste certification framework, Our commitment is not just to reduce harm, but to individuals, back 30 innovators, and and maximizing reuse. Our efforts reflecting our commitment to advance performance measurement, create lasting environmental value. continue to focus on improving water transparency and best-in-class waste policy, and financing mechanisms availability in the communities where management. Three of our campuses – all building on our own journey of we operate. have received TRUE certification for saving over US$250 million through zero waste. Our campuses recycle 100% of high-performance buildings. Biodiversity: Breathing life wastewater and have effective Our 3-pillar strategy 2. Renewable energy Climate positivity: The next rainwater harvesting techniques into our campuses Performance highlights to climate action for utilizing rainwater effectively. frontier Accelerating clean transition We are focused on strengthening These initiatives, combined with To operationalize our climate We have installed over 60 MW of As we progress toward environmental our efforts to preserve biodiversity demand side measures, have helped ambitions, we have built a robust solar photovoltaic capacity through stewardship, we are evolving from and improve green cover at all our Percentage of electricity for our us minimize our water consumption strategy anchored on three pillars – rooftop and ground-mounted climate neutrality towards climate campuses. Our Mangaluru campus India operations comes from and reduce dependency on external energy efficiency, renewable energy, systems. In addition to generating positivity – a paradigm where our biodiversity book was launched renewable sources water sources. Our Bengaluru campus and carbon offsets. clean energy onsite, we procure actions go beyond neutralizing online recently. The book highlights 77.7 is certified water positive by CII % renewable power through third-party emissions to actively creating a net endemic species of the Western 1. Energy efficiency based on NITI Aayog water neutrality power purchase agreements and environmental benefit. Climate Ghats and offers a practical blueprint guidelines. green tariff mechanisms from utility A culture of conscious positivity includes investing in for others aiming to undertake Carbon neutral for providers. Lake rejuvenation: Restoring consumption regenerative practices and green similar initiatives in preserving 6 years in a row ecosystems, supporting innovations that restore ecosystems, biodiversity. Through this effort, we Infosys has been a pioneer in energy- This comprehensive approach communities sequestering more carbon than we hope to inspire corporates, urban efficient infrastructure. Our campuses enables us to avoid emissions while Highest-level green certified space emit, and strengthening the planet’s planners, and communities to make We are extending our water are equipped with cutting-edge supporting the larger shift towards 29.7 resilience. At Infosys, we see this biodiversity a central consideration in stewardship efforts beyond our technologies, such as radiant cooling decarbonized energy systems. mn sq.ft. as a natural extension of our long- shaping the spaces we live in and use. campuses through lake rejuvenation systems and intelligent building 3. Carbon offsets standing sustainability ethos. By projects. Our goal is to increase designs. Over the past 15 years, we ASSURE Rural families benefited through embedding climate-positive thinking water-holding capacity by over 10 have implemented one of the world’s Creating impact beyond the carbon offsets program into our operations, products, and Infosys has long led the way in billion liters over five years. Infosys largest enterprise-level energy 2,72,000 organization community programs, we aim to + sustainable, high-performance is working with local partners to conservation programs, significantly We address unavoidable emissions redefine what corporate climate buildings, and with ASSURE improve water availability in the reducing our energy intensity. through community-centric carbon leadership looks like in the coming (Accelerating Sustainable Super- communities in which Infosys Wastewater recycled within our Today, we operate over 29.7 million offset programs. Our projects are decades. It’s not just about doing less Efficient Real Estate), we are taking operates. In two years, we have campuses sq.ft. of workspace certified to the verified by the Gold Standard for their harm, but about doing more good. 100 this impact to a national scale. achieved an increase of 4.3 billion highest levels of green building social and environmental impact. % Launched in partnership with liters in water holding capacity As we look to the future, we remain standards. This is not just about These projects include clean cook the Indian Institute for Human through 11 lake rejuvenation projects committed to being a catalyst infrastructure – it’s about cultivating stove programs in Rajasthan and CDP climate leadership Settlements (IIHS) on April 30, 2024, across India. for positive change, proving that a culture where efficiency and the distribution of biogas units in 9 ASSURE is a multi-stakeholder sustainable development is not just sustainability go hand in hand. years Maharashtra and Karnataka. Read more in our ESG Report 2025. platform that positions our campuses possible – it is essential. 50 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 51 Delivering value Manufactured Capital Our Manufactured Capital includes our energy-efficient offices, efforts include developing super- platforms, which provide cloud-scale from diverse sources within the IT efficient new buildings, retrofitting agility and enable efficient resource ecosystem. Leveraging AI, machine data centers, innovation hubs, digital studios, and our technology Material topics existing buildings, a sharp focus use, have been deployed to deliver learning (ML), and deep learning (DL) infrastructure across the globe. Our infrastructure is modeled • Green buildings / infra / data on innovation and continuous high-density server virtualization algorithms, the platform identifies taking into consideration stakeholder expectations of our center efficiency monitoring to achieve the highest and consolidation across the opportunities for remediation and commitments towards climate change mitigation, judicious use • Workplace transformation levels of efficiency. Infosys’ building enterprise. This initiative has optimization, driving operational of natural resources and preserving our environment. • Green IT standards have set new global delivered significant power savings. excellence. benchmarks. Subsequently, data center and server Public cloud adoption UN SDG mapping With the highest-rated green buildings on our rooms across development centers Embodied carbon as an Majority of internal IT applications were consolidated which resulted in a campuses and investments in collaborative tech essential benchmark have been moved to public cloud reduction of over 600 KW of electrical infrastructure, we offer productive, safe, healthy infrastructure. All our employees load in FY25. As a key stakeholder in the built and hybrid workplaces for our employees. We have been enabled for cloud- InfosysIT continues to make environment, we recognize the based collaboration for messaging, continue to push the boundaries and define new focused investments in Data Center urgent need to address embodied presence, video, and other benchmarks in environmental sustainability. Infrastructure Management (DCIM) carbon – the emissions associated requirements. Additionally, cloud- tools to get accurate visibility across with building materials and based unified internet access and the entire data center IT and Facility construction processes. While secure private access has enhanced stack for continuous optimization operational efficiency has advanced, hybrid work experience. and further consolidation. embodied carbon remains a The shift to cloud has helped in significant contributor to climate Infrastructure as code optimizing the on-premises data impact. Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) Infrastructure as code is a center footprint and also to scale up is a critical tool for understanding transformational initiative towards the infra on demand and provision and reducing these emissions, enabling continuous deployment, IT services seamlessly for all the new guiding smarter material choices technologies, and continuous Pushing the boundaries of continuous integration, and touch- hires inducted into the organization. and sustainable design strategies. By performance monitoring and Performance highlights less management of the life cycle energy efficiency integrating LCA early in the design Impactful workplace optimization have resulted in office of infrastructure components. process, we can make informed buildings with an estimated Energy design For a sustainable future, pushing This methodology overcomes the decisions that align with climate Performance Index (EPI) of lower the boundaries of energy efficiency traditional challenges such as growing New building design EPI goals. Leadership today means Infosys continued on its workplace than 65 kWh/sq.m. per annum. Every in buildings is essential. Innovative scale of infrastructure, elastic demand, 65 not only building efficiently, but transformation journey, to adapt to aspect of a building – from insulation design, advanced insulation, smart kWh/sq.m./p.a. speed and consistency of deployment responsibly, reducing embodied the hybrid future-ready scenario. to high-performance glass and HVAC systems, and renewable and interdependence between teams. carbon to shape a resilient, low- The principles of Infosys workplace shading, efficient mechanical and energy integration are redefining This initiative delivered significant carbon future. strategy are focused on productivity, electrical systems to high-efficiency possibilities. High-performance number of playbooks for automating social connect, use of tech, health LCA has been an essential indicator equipment with variable speed, Radiant cooling solution materials, passive solar techniques, platform-related processes across patented in Europe and India and wellness, sustainability and for all our new buildings in fiscal building management system to and real-time energy monitoring hybrid cloud. design for all. These are being 2025. The LCA of our office buildings Radiflux granular performance monitoring reduce consumption and AIOps-powered digital operations followed in all new workplace have been estimated in the range of of individual equipment – has been environmental impact. Net-zero and designs of Infosys. 650 – 900 kg CO2e/sq.m. thoroughly studied for improvement even energy-positive buildings are InfosysIT has implemented an in every new building that we design becoming viable goals. Emphasizing advanced AIOps platform equipped The new workplace designs align Green IT and construct across Infosys. occupant comfort and health while Majority of internal IT with a broad range of capabilities, space with purpose, empowering InfosysIT has embedded sustainable minimizing resource use reflects including algorithmic noise reduction people and teams to perform their applications moved The lush green campuses of practices across the life cycles of a holistic approach to design. As and context-aware notifications. best. We believe as work continues Infosys, equipped with world-class to public cloud service design, operations, and technology evolves and awareness to evolve, so must our environments, infrastructure, provides a unique infrastructure The digital operations suite delivers disposal of IT assets. grows, we drive the ecosystem making reimagined workplace design experience for our employees. unified observability across both players – architects, engineers, and a catalyst for culture, innovation and With about 29.7 million sq.ft. Data center efficiency infrastructure and application policymakers – to further stretch the long-term resilience. Office space monitored of the highest level of green layers, while also providing insights InfosysIT has taken up data center through Infosys command center limits of energy efficiency. building certification, Infosys’ into capacity utilization and cost Read more in our ESG Report 2025. 38.5 modernization as a strategic initiative. leadership in high-performance An integrated approach to design, mn sq.ft. efficiency. It is designed to ingest Density-optimized hyperscale buildings remains unrivaled. Our implementation of innovative and process large volumes of data 52 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 53 Delivering value Social and Relationship Capital Our health interventions with Our Social and Relationship Capital guides us to bring the interests CSR in EMEA region Community Kasturba Gandhi Hospital in Chennai of our stakeholders to the fore. As enterprises focus on reshaping Material topics At the World Economic Forum (WEF) Springboard and Sri Satya Sai Sarla Memorial their businesses in the digital era, we are helping our clients on January 21st, 2025, Infosys and • Client value Hospital near Bengaluru continued drive transformation. Our social ambition focuses on serving Our ambition to serve the Street Child hosted a panel to address • Inclusive development to cater to underserved mothers and the development of people by shaping a future with meaningful development of people by shaping a Education in Emergencies. The • Digital skilling children with top-class equipment opportunities for all. We deliver on expectations of nurturing social future with meaningful opportunities discussion emphasized the critical and care. We also helped Ramakrishna innovations and enabling employability through skill training of for all sums up our work with the role of education in providing stability UN SDG mapping Mission hospitals across India with communities. community. Technology serves as a and hope during crises, essential for advanced medical equipment. catalyst in this. Infosys Springboard children’s well-being. Our global CSR efforts address challenges across is Infosys’ flagship digital learning We are committed to helping rural CSR in APAC region platform that empowers people with artisans and artists hold on to their education, skilling and livelihood training, Infosys Springboard reached over skills to be successful in the 21st traditions and crafts for sustainable healthcare, women empowerment, science and 40,000 active learners and recorded century. Till date, we have reached 9.2 livelihoods. We collaborated with 14,000+ learning hours. million people including employees, Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan for Kala research, environmental sustainability and more. client’s workforce, students, teachers Dhwani, a unique arts extravaganza Infosys Science Foundation and communities with digital skilling where 800+ artists showcased 60+ art The Infosys Science Foundation initiatives. forms from five states. areas for improvement, and remain Creating value for our awards the Infosys Prize that Tech for Good As part of our responsibility towards attuned to their evolving needs. endeavors to elevate the prestige of customers the planet, we have rejuvenated According to our latest annual client science and research in India. Since The SightConnect mobile app, built lakes, restored stepwells and over survey, the overall client experience Digital transformation 2024, the prize is being awarded to in partnership with the Infosys 2,00,000 seed balls made by Infosys remains robust and has improved researchers who are 40 years or below Foundation and LV Prasad Eye We help our customers navigate volunteers have germinated into over the last year. An impressive 90% across six categories: Economics, Institute, leverages AI to revolutionize their digital transformation journeys Performance highlights 40,000+ saplings. of our clients expressed satisfaction Engineering & Computer Science, eye care accessibility and accuracy. through our suite of services and with Infosys. Humanities & Social Sciences, Life AI-powered features include Read more in the Foundation’s solutions. Our digital architecture Sciences, Mathematical Sciences, and intelligent triaging through multi- annual reports at Our strong client relationships, drives outcomes for enterprises Infosys Prize winners since 2008 Physical Sciences. Each Prize carries a lingual eye-test questionnaire and https://www.infosys.com/infosys- extensive technical expertise, across five areas – Experience, Insight, 98 gold medal, a citation, and a purse of visual acuity testing. As of fiscal foundation/about/reports.html. scalability and strong execution Innovate, Accelerate and Assure. Our US$100,000. The work of the winners 2025, SightConnect has onboarded capabilities continue to serve experience of helping many clients Infosys Foundation USA of the Infosys Prize 2024 included 1,75,000 patients, promoting us well. Clients now have through their digital transformation Infosys Foundation USA is committed cutting edge research such as the proactive eye health management heightened expectations for Infosys journeys has shown us that a Live Lives empowered via Tech to expanding access to computer discovery of time crystals, the proof and timely treatment. engagements to positively impact for Good programs Enterprise is one that is continuously science and maker education for of a 75-year-old math problem, and their business outcomes. AI-led 125 investing in reinventing its operating Infosys Foundation mn+ K-12 students and educators across augmentation of human auditory solutions, particularly those focusing model while reimagining customer In fiscal 2025, Infosys Foundation the USA, while equally working sensing with artificial intelligence. on automation and operational transformations. Our clients count initiated the Education For to digitally upskill all learners Read more at https://www. efficiency, are emerging as significant on our operating models to help Learners enabled in digital skills Employment program. Working with for 21st century technology- infosysprize.org/about-isf.html. opportunities. navigate their next. 13.3 20+ partners, we have enhanced enabled opportunities. Through its Suppliers mn Details of our key customer services Client satisfaction: Trend of key employability skills of thousands of programming, signature initiatives and solutions are available at outcomes youth, many of them being placed and the two digital learning Infosys’ strategic initiative to https://www.infosys.com/industries/. in jobs matching their skills. Our platforms of Infosys Springboard accelerate decarbonization in its 6.08 6.11 interventions through Avanti Fellows USA, the Foundation reached 1.1 Client satisfaction Global CSR spends supply chain – focuses on key IT 6.02 6.02 that preps students for entrance tests, million students and over 10,000 628 6.06 hardware manufacturing suppliers, At Infosys, delivering value to our ` cr and STEM Stars Scholarship for girl educators in fiscal 2025, taking the 5.95 prioritized by spend. This initiative is 5.94 clients, is at the centre of everything 5.99 students, have helped them pursue total number of students reached to focused on securing detailed, forward- we do. We conduct structured 5.84 STEM careers. The Foundation’s over 26 million and educators to over looking decarbonization roadmaps 5.78 Annual Client Value and Quarterly 5.84 sports tie-ups with Prakash 1.5 million since its inception. Read Beneficiaries of CSR projects from these partners and enhancing Engagement surveys. These surveys 5.72 Padukone Badminton Academy and more at https://www.infosys.org/ in India supplier engagement on ESG. are designed to enhance our GoSports Foundation brought many infosys-foundation-usa/impact.html. 2022-23 2023-24 2024-25 10 understanding of our relationships Read more about our CSR efforts and mn international and national medals. with client organizations, prioritize suppliers in our ESG Report 2025. Loyalty Satisfaction Advocacy Business value 54 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 55 STATUTORY REPORTS 56 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 57 Statutory reports Board’s report Dear Members, The Board of Directors hereby submits the report of the business and operations of your Company (“the Company” or “Infosys”), along with the audited financial statements, for the financial year ended March 31, 2025. The consolidated performance of the Company and its subsidiaries has been referred to wherever required. 1. Results of our operations and state of affairs ` (in crore, except per equity share data) Particulars Standalone Consolidated For the year ended YoY For the year ended YoY March 31, growth March 31, growth (%) (%) 2025 2024 2025 2024 Revenue from operations 1,36,592 1,28,933 5.9 1,62,990 1,53,670 6.1 Other income, net* 4,782 7,417 (35.5) 3,600 4,711 (23.6) Total income 1,41,374 1,36,350 3.7 1,66,590 1,58,381 5.2 Expenses Cost of sales 94,111 89,032 5.7 1,13,347 1,07,413 5.5 Selling and marketing expenses 6,282 5,668 10.8 7,588 6,973 8.8 General and administration expenses 5,319 5,420 (1.9) 7,631 7,537 1.2 Total expenses 1,05,712 1,00,120 5.6 1,28,566 1,21,923 5.4 Profit / loss before finance cost and tax expenses 35,662 36,230 (1.6) 38,024 36,458 4.3 Finance cost 221 277 (20.2) 416 470 (11.5) Profit before tax 35,441 35,953 (1.4) 37,608 35,988 4.5 Profit before tax (% of revenue) 25.9 27.9 23.1 23.4 Tax expense* 9,873 8,719 13.2 10,858 9,740 11.5 Profit after tax 25,568 27,234 (6.1) 26,750 26,248 1.9 Profit after tax (% of revenue) 18.7 21.1 16.4 17.1 Total other comprehensive income / (loss), net of tax 105 287 459 520 Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to the owners of 25,673 27,521 27,209 26,754 the Company Profit attributable to owners of the Company 25,568 27,234 26,713 26,233 Non-controlling interests – – 37 15 Earnings per share (EPS)* Basic 61.58 65.62 (6.2) 64.50 63.39 1.8 Diluted 61.46 65.56 (6.3) 64.34 63.29 1.7 1 crore = 10 million Notes: The above figures are extracted from the audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company as per the Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS). `5 Equity shares are at par value of per share. * Includes interest income (pre-tax) of ₹327 crore and reversal of net tax provisions amounting to ₹101 crore for fiscal 2025 on account of orders received under Section 250 of the Income-tax Act, 1961, from the Income Tax authorities in India for certain assessment years. This has resulted in a positive impact on the Basic and Diluted EPS by ₹1.03 on standalone and consolidated basis, respectively, for the year ended March 31, 2025. Included interest income (pre-tax) of ₹1,933 crore and reversal of net tax provisions amounting to ₹38 crore for fiscal 2024 on account of orders received under Sections 250 and 254 of the Income tax Act, 1961, from the Income Tax authorities in India for certain assessment years. This had resulted in a positive impact on the Basic and Diluted EPS by ₹4.75 and ₹4.76 on standalone and consolidated basis, respectively, for the year ended March 31, 2024. 58 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Financial position ` (in crore, except equity share data) Particulars Standalone Consolidated As at March 31, As at March 31, 2025 2024 2025 2024 Net current assets 45,406 43,866 54,249 50,638 Property, plant and equipment (including capital work-in-progress) 10,848 11,090 12,592 12,663 Right-of-use assets 3,078 3,303 6,311 6,552 Goodwill and other intangible assets 211 211 12,872 8,700 Other non-current assets 33,631 29,394 20,029 20,467 Total assets 1,24,936 1,14,950 1,48,903 1,37,814 Non-current lease liabilities 2,694 3,088 5,772 6,400 Other non-current liabilities 3,148 3,600 4,078 4,159 Retained earnings – Opening balance 62,551 52,183 68,405 58,957 Add: Profit for the year 25,568 27,234 26,713 26,233 Transfer from Special Economic Zone Re-investment Reserve to 2,999 824 2,999 867 retained earnings Transfer from Special Economic Zone Re-investment Reserve on 821 – 881 – utilization Less: Dividends (20,345) (14,733) (20,295) (14,692) Transfer to legal reserve – – (2) (3) Transfer to Special Economic Zone Re-investment Reserve (74) (2,957) (74) (2,957) Retained earnings – Closing balance 71,520 62,551 78,627 68,405 Equity share capital 2,076 2,075 2,073 2,071 (1) Other reserves and surplus 13,608 16,527 12,116 15,092 Other comprehensive income 128 23 3,002 2,548 Non-controlling interest – – 385 345 Total equity 87,332 81,176 96,203 88,461 Total equity and liabilities 1,24,936 1,14,950 1,48,903 1,37,814 (1) Excluding retained earnings Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 59 Board’s report Based on consolidated financial statements Revenue distribution by geographical segments (in %) 60.1 57.9 29.8 27.6 9.8 9.2 3.1 2.5 North America Europe Rest of the World India Revenue distribution by business segments (in %) Revenue distribution by business segments (in %) 27.7 27.4 15.5 14.7 14.5 13.5 13.3 13.0 11.7 11.7 8.1 8.0 7.5 7.3 3.1 3.0 (1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8) FS Retail COM EURS MFG Hi-Tech LS Others 2024 2025 (1) FS – Includes enterprises in Financial Services and Insurance (2) Retail – Includes enterprises in Retail, Consumer Packaged Goods and Logistics (3) COM – Includes enterprises in Communication, Telecom OEM and Media (4) EURS – Includes enterprises in Energy, Utilities, Resources and Services (5) MFG – Includes enterprises in Manufacturing (6) Hi-Tech – Includes enterprises in Hi-Tech (7) LS – Includes enterprises in Life Sciences and Healthcare (8) Others – Includes segments of businesses in India, Japan, China, Infosys Public Services and other enterprises in public services 60 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 As of March 31, 2025, we had ₹45,406 crore in working capital on Capital Allocation Policy a standalone basis, and ₹54,249 crore on a consolidated basis. "Effective from financial year 2025, the Company expects to `35,916 Consolidated cash and investments stand at crore on a continue its policy of returning approximately 85% of the standalone basis and ₹47,549 crore on a consolidated basis as on free cash flow cumulatively over a five-year period through a March 31, 2025, as against ₹30,579 crore on a standalone basis, combination of semi-annual dividends and / or share buyback and ₹39,005 crore on a consolidated basis as on March 31, 2024. / special dividends, subject to applicable laws and requisite approvals, if any." Under this policy, the Company expects to Consolidated cash and investments, on both standalone and progressively increase its annual dividend per share (excluding consolidated basis, include deposits with banks with high credit special dividend, if any). Free cash flow is defined as net cash ratings by international and domestic credit rating agencies. provided by operating activities less capital expenditure as per As a result, liquidity risk of cash and cash equivalents is limited. the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows prepared under IFRS. Ratings are monitored periodically. Liquid assets also include Dividend and buyback include applicable taxes. investments in liquid mutual fund units, target maturity funds units, Certificates of Deposit (CDs), Commercial Paper (CP), During the year ended March 31, 2025, the Company paid quoted bonds and securities issued by government and quasi- an interim dividend of ₹21 per equity share and announced government organizations, and non-convertible debentures. CDs a final dividend of ₹22 per share, subject to shareholders’ and CPs represent marketable securities of banks, Non-Banking approval in the ensuing Annual General Meeting (AGM). Financial Companies (NBFCs) and eligible financial institutions for Including the final dividend declared above, the Company has a specified time period with high credit rating given by domestic `17,814 returned approximately crore, which is 51.6% of the credit rating agencies. Government securities are highly liquid free cash flow for fiscal 2025 through dividends, in line with the and marketable instruments issued across tenure, backed by the Capital Allocation Policy. Government of India carrying a sovereign credit. Investments The Capital Allocation Policy is available on our website, at made in non-convertible debentures are issued by government- https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-governance/ owned institutions and financial institutions with high credit documents/capital-allocation-policy.pdf. rating. We invest after considering counterparty risks based on multiple criteria including Tier-I capital, capital adequacy ratio, Liquidity credit rating, profitability, Non Performing Asset (NPA) levels and deposit base of banks and financial institutions. Our principal sources of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents, investments and the cash flow that we generate from our The details of these investments are disclosed under operations. We continue to be debt-free and maintain sufficient the ‘non-current and current investments’ section in the cash to meet our strategic and operational requirements. We Standalone and Consolidated financial statements in this understand that liquidity in the Balance Sheet has to balance Integrated Annual Report. between earning adequate returns and the need to cover financial and business requirements. Liquidity enables us to be agile and ready for meeting unforeseen strategic and business needs and opportunities. Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 61 Board’s report Capital expenditure on tangible assets Standalone Consolidated 0.1% 28.4% 71.5% 0.1% 24.9% 75.0% `524 crore `1,317 `2 crore crore `1,013 crore `336 crore `2 crore `1,843 Total - crore `1,351 crore Total - 52.9% 47.0% 0.1% 53.3% 0.1% 46.6% `931 crore `1 `829 crore crore `669 `1 crore `765 crore crore `1,761 Total - crore `1,435 Total - crore 2025 Computer equipment* Infrastructure* Vehicles* 2025 Computer equipment Infrastructure Vehicles 2024 Vehicles Computer equipment Infrastructure 2024 Vehicles equipment# Computer Infrastructure# Leases Standalone Consolidated 0.6% 54.9% 45.1% 61.2% 38.2% `353 crore `430 `816 `1,306 crore crore crore `13 crore `783 `2,135 Total - crore Total - crore 17.3% 0.5% 82.2% 55.6% 44.4% `394 crore `1,872 crore `12 crore `336 crore `420 crore `2,278 `756 Total - crore Total - crore 2025 2025 Computer equipment Buildings Computer equipment Buildings* Vehicles* 2024 2024 Computer equipment Vehicles Computer equipment Buildings Buildings # Excludes additions due to business transfer for Property, Plant and Equipment (PPE) * Excludes additions due to business combinations both for Property, Plant and Equipment (PPE) and leases 62 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Dividend The Company recommended / declared dividend as under: Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 Dividend per Dividend payout Dividend per Dividend payout crore)# crore)# `) ` `) ` share (in (in share (in (in Interim dividend 21.00 8,720 18.00 7,471 22.00(1) 9,137(1) Final dividend 20.00 8,302 Special dividend – – 8.00 3,320 Total dividend 43.00 46.00 51.6%(2) 79.8%(3) Payout ratio (interim, final and special dividend)* Note: The Company declares and pays dividend in Indian rupees. Companies are required to pay / distribute dividend after deducting applicable withholding income taxes. The remittance of dividends outside India is governed by Indian law on foreign exchange and is also subject to withholding tax at applicable rates. # Based on standalone financial statements * Payout ratio is computed as a percentage of free cash flow prepared under IFRS. (1) Recommended by the Board of Directors at its meeting held on April 17, 2025. The payment is subject to the approval of the shareholders at the ensuing AGM of the Company to be held on June 25, 2025. The record date for the purposes of the final dividend will be May 30, 2025, and payment will be made on June 30, 2025. (2) Our present Capital Allocation Policy is to pay approximately 85% of the free cash flow cumulatively over a five-year period through a combination of semi- annual dividends and / or share buyback and / or special dividends, subject to applicable laws and requisite approvals, if any. Free cash flow is defined as net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditure as per the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows prepared under IFRS. (3) Our past Capital Allocation Policy was to pay up to 85% of the free cash flow cumulatively over a five-year period through a combination of semi-annual dividends and / or share buyback and / or special dividends, subject to applicable laws and requisite approvals, if any which was completed in March 31, 2024. Particulars of loans, guarantees or investments Management’s discussion and analysis Loans, guarantees and investments covered under Section 186 of In terms of the provisions of Regulation 34 of the SEBI (Listing the Companies Act, 2013 ("the Act") form part of the Notes to the Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 financial statements provided in this Integrated Annual Report. (“the Listing Regulations”) as amended from time to time, the Management’s discussion and analysis is set out in this Transfer to reserves Integrated Annual Report. We do not propose to transfer any amount to the general reserve Risk management report on declaration of dividend. In terms of the provisions of Section 134 of the Act, the Risk Changes in the nature of business management report is set out in this Integrated Annual Report. The Company did not undergo any change in the nature of its Board policies business during fiscal 2025. The details of the policies approved and adopted by the Fixed deposits Board as required under the Act and Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) regulations are provided in Annexure 8 We have not accepted any fixed deposits, including from the to the Board’s report. public, and, as such, no amount of principal or interest was outstanding as of the Balance Sheet date. Material changes and commitments affecting financial position between the end of the Particulars of contracts or arrangements made financial year and date of the report with related parties There have been no material changes and commitments, which The Company did not enter into any contracts, arrangements affect the financial position of the Company, that have occurred or transactions during fiscal 2025 that fall under the scope between the end of the financial year to which the financial of Section 188(1) of the Act. As required under the Act, statements relate and the date of this report. the prescribed Form AOC-2 is appended as Annexure 2 to the Board’s report. Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 63 Board’s report During the year, the Board of Directors reviewed the affairs of 2. Business description the subsidiaries. In accordance with Section 129(3) of the Act, Strategy we have prepared the Consolidated financial statements of the Company, which form part of this Integrated Annual Report. Our clients and prospective clients are faced with transformative Further, a statement containing the salient features of the business opportunities due to advances in software and financial statements of our subsidiaries in the prescribed format computing technology. These organizations are dealing with AOC-1 is appended as Annexure 1 to the Board’s report. The the challenge of having to reinvent their core offerings, statement also provides details of the performance and financial processes, and systems rapidly and position themselves as position of each of the subsidiaries, along with the changes that ‘AI-first’ organizations. Our strategy is to be a navigator for our occurred, during fiscal 2025. clients as they ideate, plan, and execute their journey to an AI future. We are progressing well on our journey to leverage AI to In accordance with Section 136 of the Act, the audited financial deliver business value with safeguards around privacy, ethics, statements, including the consolidated financial statements and and controls. For details, refer to the Strategy section of this related information of the Company and audited accounts of its Integrated Annual Report. subsidiaries, are available on our website, at www.infosys.com. Organization 3. Human resources management Our go-to-market business units and solutions are detailed in the Our employees are our most important assets. We are committed Operating context section of this Integrated Annual Report. to hiring and retaining the best talent and being among the Infrastructure industry’s leading employers. For this, we focus on promoting a There has been a net decrease of 0.30 million sq.ft. of physical collaborative, transparent and participative organizational culture, infrastructure space during the year. The total available space as and rewarding merit and sustained high performance. Our human on March 31, 2025 stands at 56.33 million sq.ft. We have presence resources management focuses on allowing our employees to in 59 countries across 292 locations as on March 31, 2025. The net develop their skills, grow in their career and navigate their next. decline in the area is due to optimization of real estate space. Resolution hubs Mergers and Acquisitions (M&A) Infosys’ unwavering commitment has always been to foster Infosys has a systematic M&A approach aimed to strengthen an open, inclusive and safe workplace where every employee its capabilities, deepen industry expertise, and expand its can thrive. The organization’s goal is to ensure that employees, geographical footprint. regardless of gender, sexual orientation, or any other distinguishing factors, feel empowered to contribute to the During the year ended March 31, 2025, the Group entered into best of their abilities. In line with this, we encourage an open- definitive agreements to acquire: door policy that allows employees to voice their concerns and seek support through Resolution hubs comprising Hearing 1. in-tech Holding GmbH, a leading provider of engineering R&D Employees and Resolving (HEAR) for workplace-related issues and services headquartered in Germany and the said acquisition Anti-Sexual Harassment Initiative (ASHI) for sexual harassment was completed on July 17, 2024. complaints. Our forums include a well-established and robust 2. Blitz 24-893 SE, Germany, through Infosys Singapore Pte. Ltd., grievance resolution mechanism. a wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Limited, and the said Resolution hubs adhere to the principles of natural justice, acquisition was completed on October 28, 2024. ensure confidentiality, and non-retaliation while addressing Further, during its meeting held on April 17, 2025, the Board concerns. The concerns are handled with utmost sensitivity of Directors resolved to approve the following, subject to and are redressed in a time-bound manner. A detailed customary closing adjustments: investigation is conducted to ensure fairness and provide an opportunity to present facts and any material evidence 1. Acquisition of MRE Consulting Limited, a leading energy pertaining to the grievance. consulting company headquartered in the US. 2. Acquisition of The Missing Link Automation Pty Ltd, a leading Our ASHI initiative has set an industry benchmark, being cybersecurity services provider headquartered in Australia. ranked first among 350+ companies that participated in an external survey on the best anti-sexual harassment initiatives Subsidiaries in 2017 and 2019-2024. We, along with our subsidiaries, provide consulting, technology, Infosys has constituted an Internal Committee (IC) in all the outsourcing and next-generation digital services. At the development centers of the Company in India to consider and beginning of the year, we had 28 direct subsidiaries and 63 resolve all sexual harassment complaints reported by women. step-down subsidiaries. As on March 31, 2025, we have 30 direct The IC has been constituted as per the Sexual Harassment of subsidiaries and 76 step-down subsidiaries. Further, the Company Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) does not have any material subsidiary. Act, 2013, and the committee includes external members from non-governmental organizations or with relevant experience. On April 17, 2025, the Board approved dilution of 2% stake in Investigations are conducted and decisions made by the IC at Infosys' majority-owned step-down subsidiary HIPUS Co., Ltd in the respective locations, with a senior female employee serving Japan, to Mitsubishi Heavy Industries. 64 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 as the presiding officer in each case. Half of the total members and provide share-based incentives to eligible employees of of the IC are women. The role of the IC is not restricted to mere the Company and its subsidiaries under the 2019 Plan. The redressal of complaints but also encompasses prevention and maximum number of shares under the 2019 Plan shall not prohibition of sexual harassment. In the last few years, the IC exceed 5,00,00,000 equity shares. To implement the 2019 has worked extensively on creating awareness on relevance of Plan, up to 4,50,00,000 equity shares may be issued by way of sexual harassment issues in the new normal by using new and secondary acquisition of shares by the Infosys Expanded Stock innovative measures to help employees understand the forms of Ownership Trust. The RSUs granted under the 2019 Plan shall sexual harassment while working remotely. The details of sexual vest based on the achievement of defined annual performance harassment complaints that were filed, resolved and pending parameters as determined by the administrator (the Nomination during the financial year are provided in the Business Responsibility and Remuneration Committee). The performance parameters and Sustainability Report of this Integrated Annual Report. will be based on a combination of relative Total Shareholder Return (TSR) against selected industry peers and certain broader Particulars of employees market domestic and global indices and operating performance The Company had 2,49,726 employees on a standalone basis and metrics of the Company as decided by the administrator. 3,23,578 employees on a consolidated basis as of March 31, 2025. Each of the above performance parameters will be distinct for the purposes of calculation of the quantity of shares to vest The percentage increase in remuneration, ratio of remuneration based on performance. These instruments will generally vest of each director and key managerial personnel (KMP) (as required between a minimum of one and a maximum of three years under the Act) to the median of employees’ remuneration, and from the grant date. the list of top 10 employees in terms of remuneration drawn, as required under Section 197(12) of the Act, read with Rule 5 of 2015 Stock Incentive Compensation Plan (“the 2015 Plan”) the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial On March 31, 2016, pursuant to the approval by the shareholders Personnel) Rules, 2014, form part of Annexure 3 to this Board’s through postal ballot, the Board was authorized to introduce, report. The statement containing particulars of employees offer, issue and allot share-based incentives to eligible employees employed throughout the year and in receipt of remuneration of of the Company and its subsidiaries under the 2015 Plan. The `1.02 crore or more per annum and employees employed for part maximum number of shares under the 2015 Plan shall not `8.5 of the year and in receipt of remuneration of lakh or more exceed 2,40,38,883 equity shares (not adjusted for bonus issue). per month, as required under Section 197(12) of the Act, read These instruments will vest generally over a period of four years with Rule 5 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration and shall be exercisable within the period as approved by the of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, is provided in a separate administrator. The exercise price of the RSUs will be equal to the exhibit forming part of this report and is available on the website par value of the shares and the exercise price of the stock options of the Company, at https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports- would be the market price as on the date of grant. filings/Documents/exhibitboards-report2025.pdf. The Integrated Consequent to the September 2018 bonus issue, all the then Annual Report is being sent to the shareholders excluding the outstanding options granted under the stock option plan have aforesaid exhibit. Shareholders interested in obtaining this been adjusted for bonus shares. information may access the same from the Company website. In accordance with Section 136 of the Act, this exhibit is available for The total number of equity shares and American Depositary inspection by shareholders through electronic mode. Receipts (ADRs) to be allotted to the employees of the Company and its subsidiaries under the 2015 Plan does not cumulatively Notes: exceed 1% of the issued capital. For the shares and ADRs issued 1. The employees mentioned in the aforesaid exhibit have / had permanent employment contracts with the Company. under the 2019 Plan, the cumulative amount does not exceed 1.15% of the issued capital. The 2019 Plan and 2015 Plan are 2. The employees are neither relatives of any directors of the Company, nor hold 2% or more of the paid-up equity share capital of the Company in compliance with the SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits as per Rule 5 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021, as amended from time Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014. to time, and there has been no material change to the plans 3. The details of employees posted outside India and in receipt of a during the fiscal 2025. `60 `5 remuneration of lakh or more per annum or lakh or more a month can be made available on specific request. The details of the 2019 Plan and 2015 Plan, including terms of reference, and the requirement specified under Regulation 14 Employee stock options / Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) of the SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) / Performance stock units (PSUs) Regulations, 2021, are available on the Company’s website, at The Company grants share-based benefits to eligible employees https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/Documents/ with a view to attracting and retaining the best talent, disclosures-pursuant-SEBI-regulations2025.pdf. encouraging employees to align individual performances with the The details of the 2019 Plan and 2015 Plan form part of Company objectives, and promoting their increased participation the Notes to accounts of the financial statements in this in the growth of the Company. Integrated Annual Report. Infosys Expanded Stock Ownership Program 2019 (“the 2019 Plan”) On June 22, 2019, pursuant to the approval by the shareholders at the AGM, the Board was authorized to introduce, offer, issue Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 65 Board’s report other matters, as required under sub-section (3) of Section 178 of 4. Corporate governance the Act, is available on our website, at Our corporate governance philosophy https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-governance/ documents/nomination- remuneration-policy.pdf. Our corporate governance practices are a reflection of our value system encompassing our culture, policies, and relationships We affirm that the remuneration paid to the directors is as with our stakeholders. Integrity and transparency are key to our per the terms laid out in the Nomination and Remuneration corporate governance practices to ensure that we gain and retain Policy of the Company. the trust of our stakeholders at all times. Corporate governance Declaration by independent directors is about maximizing shareholder value legally, ethically and sustainably. At Infosys, the Board exercises its fiduciary The Company has received necessary declaration from responsibilities in the widest sense of the term. Our disclosures each independent director that he / she meets the criteria seek to attain the best practices in international corporate of independence laid down in Section 149(6), Code for governance. We also endeavor to enhance long-term shareholder independent directors of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the value and respect minority rights in all our business decisions. Listing Regulations. Our Corporate governance report for fiscal 2025 forms part of this Board evaluation Integrated Annual Report. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee engaged Egon Board diversity Zehnder, external consultants, to conduct Board evaluation for the year. The evaluation of all the directors, committees, The Company recognizes and embraces the importance of a Chairman of the Board, and the Board as a whole, was conducted diverse Board in its success. We believe that a truly diverse Board based on the criteria and framework adopted by the Board. The will leverage differences in thought, perspective, regional and Board evaluation process was completed during fiscal 2025. The industry experience, cultural and geographical background, evaluation parameters and the process have been explained age, ethnicity, race, gender, knowledge and skills, including in the Corporate governance report that forms part of this expertise in financial, diversity, global business, leadership, Integrated Annual Report. information technology, mergers and acquisitions, Board service and governance, sales and marketing, Environmental, Social and Familiarization program for independent directors Governance (ESG), risk management and cybersecurity and other All new independent directors inducted into the Board domains, which will ensure that Infosys retains its competitive attend an orientation program. The details of the training advantage. The Board Diversity Policy adopted by the Board sets and familiarization program are provided in the Corporate out its approach to diversity. governance report. Further, at the time of the appointment The policy is available on our website, at of an independent director, the Company issues a formal https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-governance/ letter of appointment outlining his / her role, function, duties documents/board- diversity-policy.pdf. and responsibilities. The format of the letter of appointment is available on our website, at https://www.infosys.com/ Additional details on Board diversity are available in investors/corporate-governance/ Documents/appointment- the Corporate governance report that forms part of this independent-director.pdf. Integrated Annual Report. Directors and Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) Number of meetings of the Board Inductions The Board met five times during the financial year. The meeting The Board, at its meeting held on December 11, 2023, appointed details are provided in the Corporate governance report that Jayesh Sanghrajka as the Chief Financial Officer and KMP of the forms part of this Integrated Annual Report. The maximum Company effective April 1, 2024. interval between any two meetings did not exceed 120 days, as prescribed by the Act. Reappointment Policy on directors’ appointment and remuneration Director liable to retire by rotation The current policy is to have an appropriate mix of executive, Pursuant to the provisions of the Act, Salil Parekh, Chief Executive non-executive and independent directors to maintain the Officer and Managing Director, whose term extends until independence of the Board and separate its functions of March 31, 2027 and who is liable to retire at the forthcoming governance and management. As of March 31, 2025, the Board Annual General Meeting, is eligible and has offered himself had nine members, consisting of an executive director, a non- for reappointment. Based on the performance evaluation and executive and non-independent director and seven independent the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration directors. Two of the independent directors of the Board are Committee, the Board recommends his reappointment. women. The details of Board and committee composition, Retirements and resignations tenure of directors, areas of expertise and other details are available in the Corporate overview section that forms part of this During the year, there was no retirement or resignation Integrated Annual Report. of Directors or KMP. The policy of the Company on directors’ appointment Committees of the Board and remuneration, including the criteria for determining As on March 31, 2025, the Board had six committees: Audit qualifications, positive attributes, independence of a director and Committee, Corporate Social Responsibility Committee, 66 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Nomination and Remuneration Committee, Risk Management Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) Committee, Stakeholders Relationship Committee and During the year, the Company transferred the unclaimed and un- Environment, Social and Governance (ESG) Committee. All encashed dividends of ₹3,54,50,639 to the IEPF. Further, 51,242 committees comprise only independent directors, one of whom corresponding shares on which dividends were unclaimed for is chosen as the chairperson of the committee. seven consecutive years were transferred. The Company also paid ₹3,46,92,959 towards dividend in respect of shares that A Cybersecurity Risk Sub-committee of the Risk Management were held by the IEPF. Committee has been constituted to assess and enhance preparedness to mitigate cybersecurity risks. The sub-committee The details of the resultant benefits arising out of shares already comprise only independent directors, one of whom is chosen as transferred to the IEPF, year-wise amounts of unclaimed / un- the chairperson of the committee. encashed dividends lying in the unpaid dividend accounts up to the year, and the corresponding shares, which are liable to During the year, all recommendations made by the committees be transferred, are provided in the Corporate governance report were approved by the Board. and are also available on our website, at www.infosys.com/ A detailed note on the composition of the Board and its IEPF. Details of shares / dividend transferred to the IEPF can also committees is provided in the Corporate governance report, which be obtained by accessing https://www.infosys.com/investors/ forms part of this Integrated Annual Report. shareholder-services/unclaimed-dividend-shares.html. Cybersecurity Members are requested to claim the dividend(s), which have remained unclaimed/unpaid, by sending a written request to At Infosys, our employees operate in a hybrid model. Hence, we the Company at investors@infosys.com or to the Company’s continue to remain vigilant about the evolving cybersecurity Registrar and Transfer Agent KFin Technologies Ltd at einward. threat landscape and stay abreast of the latest evolving ris@kfintech.com or at their address at KFin Technologies cybersecurity threats across the global landscape. To maintain Ltd, Selenium Tower B, Plot Nos. 31 & 32, Financial District, a strong cybersecurity posture, the Information Security team Nanakramguda, Serilingampally Mandal, Hyderabad - 500032. monitors global cybersecurity events, ensuring ongoing Members can find the details of Nodal Officer appointed by compliance and its sustenance. Infosys is certified against the the Company under the provisions of the IEPF and the details Information Security Management System (ISMS) Standard ISO of unclaimed dividend and shares at https://www.infosys.com/ 27001:2022. Additionally, we have been attested for SSAE 18 and investors/shareholder-services/unclaimed-dividend-shares.html. ISAE 3402 SOC 1 and SOC 2 by an independent audit firm. Directors’ responsibility statement During fiscal 2025, we have successfully strengthened our cybersecurity posture by embracing cutting-edge technology, The financial statements are prepared in accordance with tools, and processes. We have focused on cybersecurity the Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) under the historical personnel training, reskilling, and fostering a security culture cost convention on accrual basis except for certain financial of inclusive and collective ownership. We have empowered the instruments, which are measured at fair values, and defined developer community with dedicated courses and resource kits, benefit liability/(asset) which is recognized at the present value aligning with our broader initiatives to enhance cybersecurity of defined benefit obligation less fair value of plan assets, the processes, technologies, and overall posture. provisions of the Act and guidelines issued by SEBI. The Ind AS are prescribed under Section 133 of the Act, read with Rule 3 Internal financial control and its adequacy of the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 The Board has adopted policies and procedures for ensuring and relevant amendment rules issued thereafter. Accounting the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including policies have been consistently applied except where a newly- adherence to the Company’s policies, safeguarding of its assets, issued accounting standard is initially adopted or a revision to an prevention and detection of fraud, error-reporting mechanisms, existing accounting standard requires a change in the accounting accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and timely policy hitherto in use. preparation of reliable financial disclosures. For more details, The directors confirm that: refer to the ‘Internal control systems and their adequacy’ section in the Management’s discussion and analysis, which forms part of • In preparation of the annual accounts for the financial year this Integrated Annual Report. ended March 31, 2025, the applicable accounting standards have been followed and there are no material departures. Annual return • They have selected such accounting policies and applied In accordance with the Act, the annual return in the prescribed them consistently, and made judgments and estimates format is available at https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports- that are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and filings/documents/annual-returns-2024-25.pdf. fair view of the state of affairs of the Company at the end Secretarial standards of the financial year and of the profit of the Company for that period. The Company complies with all applicable secretarial standards issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India. • They have taken proper and sufficient care towards the maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance Listing on stock exchanges with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets of The Company’s shares are listed on BSE Limited and the National the Company and for preventing and detecting fraud and Stock Exchange of India Limited, and its American Depositary other irregularities. Shares (ADSs) are listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 67 Board’s report • They have prepared the annual accounts on a going concern 6. Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) basis. Infosys has been an early adopter of CSR initiatives. The • They have laid down internal financial controls, which are Company works primarily through the Infosys Foundation, adequate and are operating effectively. towards supporting projects in the areas of education and • They have devised proper systems to ensure compliance with skill development to enable sustained livelihoods, healthcare the provisions of all applicable laws, and such systems are including preventive health, environmental sustainability and adequate and operating effectively. ecological balance, gender equality and empowerment of women, promotion of national heritage, art and culture, rural 5. Audit reports and auditors development and disaster relief and rehabilitation. The Company’s CSR Policy is available on our website, at https:// Audit reports www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-governance/Documents/ The Auditors’ Report for fiscal 2025 does not contain any corporate-social-responsibility-policy.pdf. qualification, reservation, or adverse remark. The report is enclosed with the financial statements in this The annual report on our CSR activities is appended as Integrated Annual Report. Annexure 6 to the Board’s report, which forms part of this Integrated Annual Report. Infosys also undertakes CSR The Secretarial Auditors’ Report for fiscal 2025 does not contain initiatives outside of India, in the US, Australia, and across any qualification, reservation, or adverse remark. The Secretarial Europe. The initiatives in the US are carried out through Infosys Auditors’ Report is enclosed as Annexure 5 to the Board’s report, Foundation USA. The said initiatives are over and above the which forms part of this Integrated Annual Report. statutory requirement. The Auditor’s Certificate confirming compliance with conditions The highlights of the initiatives undertaken by the Company, of corporate governance as stipulated under the Listing Infosys Foundation, and Infosys Foundation USA form part of this Regulations, for fiscal 2025 is enclosed as Annexure 4 to the Integrated Annual Report. Board’s report, which forms part of this Integrated Annual Report. Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) The Secretarial Auditor’s certificate on the implementation of share-based schemes in accordance with SEBI (Share Based In October 2020, the Company launched its ESG Vision 2030. Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021, will be Our focus remains steadfast on leveraging technology to made available during the AGM, electronically. address climate change and inform sustainable water and waste management practices. On the social front, the emphasis is on Auditors amplifying human potential and creating the next opportunity Statutory auditor for people, businesses and communities. We continue to serve the interests of our stakeholders by leading through our core Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP, Chartered Accountants (Firm values and setting benchmarks in corporate governance. registration no: 117366 W/W-100018) was appointed as the statutory auditors of the Company, to hold office for the second The ESG Committee was constituted on April 14, 2021, to oversee 41st term of five consecutive years from the conclusion of the matters related to guide and oversee our efforts to achieve the AGM of the Company held on June 25, 2022, till the conclusion of ambitions set forth in our ESG Vision 2030. The ESG Committee 46th AGM to be held in 2027, as required under Section 139 of the reports to the Board and meets every quarter to review the Act read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014. progress on ESG performance. Secretarial auditor Business Responsibility and Sustainability Based on the recommendation of the Board in its meeting held Report (BRSR) on April 17, 2025, Makarand M. Joshi & Co., Company Secretaries The BRSR follows the National Guidelines on Responsible (Firm registration no: P2009MH007000), is proposed to be Business Conduct (NGRBC) principles on the social,environmental appointed as secretarial auditors of the Company to hold office and economic responsibilities of business. for a term of five consecutive years commencing from financial year 2025-26 till financial year 2029-30 subject to the approval of Our BRSR includes our responses to questions about our shareholders as per the Listing Regulations read with Section 204 practices and performance on key principles defined by of the Act and Rules thereunder. Regulation 34(2)(f) of the Listing Regulations as amended from time to time, which cover topics across all ESG dimensions. Cost records and cost audit Further SEBI vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-SE-2/P/ Maintenance of cost records and requirement of cost CIR/2023/122 dated July 12, 2023, updated the format of BRSR to audit as prescribed under the provisions of Section 148(1) incorporate BRSR core, a subset of BRSR indicating specific Key of the Act are not applicable for the business activities Performance Indicators (KPIs) under nine principles of business carried out by the Company. responsibility which are subject to mandatory reasonable assurance by an independent assurance provider. Reporting of frauds by auditors During fiscal 2025, the statutory auditor and the secretarial In accordance with this requirement, we also publish a auditor have not reported any instance of fraud committed in the comprehensive ESG Report annually, based on the GRI standard Company by its officers or employees. 2021. The ESG Report is available at https://www.infosys.com/ sustainability/documents/infosys-esg-report-2024-25.pdf. 68 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP has also assured certain select 8. Other disclosures and affirmations indicators of the ESG report designed based on GRI standards. Pursuant to the provisions of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, 7. Conservation of energy, research and the Company affirms that for the year ended on March 31, 2025: development, technology absorption, foreign a. There were no proceedings, either filed by the Company or against the Company, pending under the Insolvency and exchange earnings and outgo Bankruptcy Code, 2016, before the National Company Law The particulars, as prescribed under Section 134(3)(m) of the Act, Tribunal or any other court. read with the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, are enclosed b. There was no instance of one-time settlement with any bank as Annexure 7 to the Board’s report, which forms part of this or financial institution. Integrated Annual Report. c. There were no significant and material orders passed by the regulators or courts or tribunals impacting the going concern status and the Company’s operations in future. Acknowledgements We thank our clients, vendors, investors, bankers, employee volunteers and trustees of Infosys Foundation, Infosys Foundation USA and Infosys Science Foundation for their continued support during the year. We place on record our appreciation for the contribution made by our employees at all levels. Our consistent growth was made possible by their hard work, solidarity, co-operation and support. We thank the governments of various countries where we have our operations. We thank the Government of India, particularly the Ministry of Labour and Employment, the Ministry of Environment and Forests, the Ministry of New and Renewable Energy, the Ministry of Communications, the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology (Dept of IT), the Ministry of Commerce and Industry, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, the Central Board of Direct Taxes, the Central Board of Indirect Taxes and Customs, GST authorities, the Reserve Bank of India, Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI), various departments under the state governments and union territories, the Software Technology Parks (STPs) / Special Economic Zones (SEZs) – Bengaluru, Bhubaneswar, Chandigarh, Chennai, Delhi, Coimbatore , Gurugram, Hubballi, Hyderabad, Indore, Jaipur, Kolkata, Mangaluru, Mohali, Mumbai, Mysuru, Nagpur, Noida, Pune, Thiruvananthapuram, Ahmedabad, Guwahati, Visakhapatnam – and other government agencies for their support, and look forward to their continued support in the future. We also thank the US federal government, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the Internal Revenue Service, and various state governments, especially those of Indiana, Rhode Island, Connecticut, Texas, Arizona and North Carolina. for and on behalf of the Board of Directors Sd/- Sd/- Bengaluru Salil Parekh Nandan M. Nilekani Chief Executive Officer April 17, 2025 Chairman and Managing Director DIN: 00041245 DIN : 01876159 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 69 7 Annexures to the Board’s Report 0 Annexure I – Statement containing the salient features of the financial statements of subsidiaries / associate companies / joint ventures (Pursuant to first provision to sub-section (3) of Section 129 of the Companies Act,2013, read with Rule 5 of the companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 - AOC -1) (In ₹ crore, except % of shareholding and exchange rate) Turnover(1) Sl. Name of the Country Financial Date of Exchange Share Reserves Total Total Investments Profit / Provision Profit / % of No. subsidiary period acquisition rate/ capital and assets liabilities (includes (Loss) for (Loss) shareholding taxation(1) ended Reporting surplus (excluding inter- before after taxation(1) taxation(1) currency share capital company and reserves transactions) and surplus) 1 Infosys BPM India Mar 31, NA INR 34 3,242 5,521 2,245 816 8,501 1,011 238 773 100 Limited(2) 2025 2 Infosys Germany Dec 31, NA 1 EUR = 15 (1,154) 6,364 7,503 – 3,534 (259) (1) (258) 100 Automotive 2024 ₹89.2 and Mobility GmbH & Co. KG(2) 3 Infosys US Dec 31, Dec 4, 1 USD = 175 975 5,341 4,191 – 3,191 (119) (29) (90) 100 McCamish 2024 2009 ₹85.62 LLC(3) Systems 4 EdgeVerve India Mar 31, NA INR 1,312 471 2,705 922 616 4,090 1,536 441 1,095 100 Systems 2025 Limited (EdgeVerve)(2) 5 Infosys Public US Mar 31, NA 1 USD = 98 1,647 2,517 772 – 1,894 472 134 338 100 Services, Inc. 2025 ₹85.48 USA (Infosys Public Services)(2) 6 Infy Consulting UK Mar 31, NA 1 GBP = 135 229 985 621 – 2,304 106 31 75 100 In fo Company 2025 ₹110.7 s y Limited(4) s In 7 Infosys Poland Poland Mar 31, Oct 1, 1 PLN = 4 1,223 1,666 439 135 1,219 180 35 145 100 te g Z.o.o(3) Sp. 2025 2007 ₹22.07 ra te d 8 Stater The Dec 31, NA 1 EUR = 8 125 543 410 – 1,289 59 15 44 75 A Nederland Netherlands 2024 ₹89.2 n n u B.V.(5) a l R 9 WongDoody, US Dec 31, NA 1 USD = 1 432 618 185 – 864 70 10 60 100 e p o Inc(2)(28) 2024 ₹85.62 rt 2 0 2 4 -2 5 In Turnover(1) Sl. Name of the Country Financial Date of Exchange Share Reserves Total Total Investments Profit / Provision Profit / % of fo s No. subsidiary period acquisition rate/ capital and assets liabilities (includes (Loss) for (Loss) shareholding y s taxation(1) ended Reporting surplus (excluding inter- before after In te taxation(1) taxation(1) currency share capital company g and reserves transactions) ra te and surplus) d A 10 Infosys China Dec 31, NA 1 RMB = 368 300 1,102 434 – 1,072 179 29 150 100 n n Technologies 2024 ₹11.67 u a l (China) Co. R e Limited p o (Infosys rt 2 China)(2) 0 2 4 -2 11 Blue Acorn iCi US Dec 31, Oct 27, 1 USD = 6 325 419 88 – 619 78 9 69 100 5 Inc (formerly 2024 2020 ₹85.62 Beringer Commerce Inc)(6)(30) 12 Infosys Singapore Mar 31, Nov 16, 1 SGD = 13 290 487 184 – 673 106 19 87 60 Compaz Pte. 2025 2018 ₹ 63.71 Ltd(7) 13 Infosys Switzerland Dec 31, NA 1 CHF = 1 183 354 170 – 530 116 26 90 100 Consulting 2024 ₹94.72 AG(4) 14 Infosys Mexico Dec 31, NA 1 MXN = 65 465 790 260 – 637 120 38 82 100 Technologies 2024 ₹4.14 S. de R. L. de C. V. (Infosys Mexico)(2) 15 Infosys Germany Dec 31, NA 1 EUR = 17 133 269 119 – 514 38 7 31 100 Consulting 2024 ₹89.2 GmbH(4) 16 Infosys (Czech Czech Mar 31, NA 1 CZK = 3 99 215 113 – 328 (1) 8 (9) 100 Republic) Republic 2025 ₹3.7 s.r.o.(3) Limited 17 Infosys China Dec 31, NA 1 RMB = 1,004 (604) 781 381 – 406 (91) – (91) 100 Technologies 2024 ₹11.67 (Shanghai) Company Limited (Infosys Shanghai)(2) 18 Infosys Brazil Dec 31, NA 1 BRL = 421 (273) 317 169 – 376 31 (12) 43 100 Consulting 2024 ₹13.85 Ltda.(2) 7 1 7 A 2 Turnover(1) Profit / Provision Profit / % of Sl. Name of the Country Financial Date of Exchange Share Reserves Total Total Investments n n (includes (Loss) for (Loss) shareholding No. subsidiary period acquisition rate/ capital and assets liabilities e taxation(1) inter- before after ended Reporting surplus (excluding x u taxation(1) taxation(1) company currency share capital r e transactions) and reserves s and surplus) t o t 19 Infosys Romania Dec 31, NA 1 RON = 17 103 213 93 – 400 27 4 23 100 h e Romania 2024 ₹17.91 B S.r.l. (formerly o a Infosys r d Consulting 's S.R.L. r e (Romania)(2) p o r 20 HIPUS Co., Japan Mar 31, Apr 1, 1 JPY = 32 117 1,419 1,270 – 380 45 14 31 81 t (7) Ltd 2025 2019 ₹0.57 21 Kaleidoscope US Dec 31, Oct 9, 1 USD = – 210 293 83 – 596 74 14 60 100 Animations 2024 2020 ₹85.62 Inc(6)(30) 22 Portland Group Australia Mar 31, Jan 4, 1 AUD = 18 32 189 139 – 182 – – – 100 Ltd(3) Pty 2025 2012 ₹53.81 Ltd.(8) 23 Panaya Israel Dec 31, NA 1 USD = 256 (551) 115 410 – 355 62 1 61 100 2024 ₹85.62 Oy(9) 24 Fluido Finland Dec 31, Oct 11, 1 EUR = 5 135 216 76 – 324 13 (1) 14 100 2024 2018 ₹89.2 25 Infosys Sweden Dec 31, NA 1 SEK = 2 214 413 197 – 356 73 14 59 100 Technologies 2024 ₹7.79 (Sweden) AB (Infosys Sweden)(2) 26 Infosys Australia Dec 31, NA 1 AUD = 17 49 112 46 – 372 28 8 20 100 Management 2024 ₹53.24 Consulting Pty. Limited(4) 27 BASE life Denmark Jun 30, Sep 1, 1 DKK = 1 (96) 181 276 – 297 (66) 16 (82) 100 In A/S(9) science 2024 2022 ₹11.98 fo s y 28 Stater Belgium Belgium Dec 31, NA 1 EUR = 54 51 158 53 – 213 26 9 17 75 s In N.V./S.A.(5)(12) 2024 ₹89.2 te g ra 29 GuideVision, Czech Dec 31, Oct 1, 1 CZK = – 137 199 62 – 231 52 11 41 100 te s.r.o.(13) Republic 2024 2020 ₹3.54 d A n 30 Infosys Luxembourg Mar 31, NA 1 EUR = 26 31 123 66 – 223 23 6 17 100 n u Luxembourg 2025 ₹92.09 a l R S.a.r.l(2) e p o N.V.(7) 31 Stater The Dec 31, May 23, 1 EUR = 36 384 769 349 – 217 19 2 17 75 rt 2 Netherlands 2024 2019 ₹89.2 0 2 4 -2 5 In Turnover(1) Sl. Name of the Country Financial Date of Exchange Share Reserves Total Total Investments Profit / Provision Profit / % of fo s No. subsidiary period acquisition rate/ capital and assets liabilities (includes (Loss) for (Loss) shareholding y s taxation(1) ended Reporting surplus (excluding inter- before after In te taxation(1) taxation(1) currency share capital company g and reserves transactions) ra te and surplus) d A 32 Infosys Singapore Dec 31, NA 1 SGD = 7,227 184 8,953 1,542 – 241 228 26 202 100 n n Singapore Pte. 2024 ₹62.91 u a l Ltd. (Infosys R e Singapore)(2) p o rt 33 Infosys Malaysia Mar 31, Dec 14, 1 MYR = 29 (4) 63 38 – 153 7 (1) 8 100 2 0 (Malaysia) Sdn 2025 2021 ₹19.26 2 4 -2 Bhd.(9) 5 34 WongDoody Germany Dec 31, Apr 20, 1 EUR = – 42 110 68 – 241 (22) – (22) 100 GmbH(14) 2024 2022 ₹89.2 35 Simplus Australia Jan 31, NA 1 AUD = 18 (2) 59 43 – 116 19 6 13 100 Australia Pty 2025 ₹53.9 Ltd(10) 36 Infosys Public Canada Mar 31, NA 1 CAD = 13 18 42 11 – 122 9 2 7 100 Services 2025 ₹59.67 Inc.(11) Canada 37 Fluido Sweden Sweden Dec 31, NA 1 SEK = – 69 88 19 – 116 29 6 23 100 AB(16) 2024 ₹7.79 38 Infosys Fluido UK Dec 31, NA 1 GBP = 4 (11) 41 48 – 107 9 – 9 100 U.K., Ltd. 2024 ₹107.48 (formerly known as Simplus U.K, Ltd)(16) 39 Infosys BPO US Mar 31, NA 1 USD = 130 (34) 107 11 – 75 25 7 18 100 LLC(3) Americas 2025 ₹85.48 40 Infy Consulting The Dec 31, NA 1 EUR = 1 60 85 24 – 99 10 3 7 100 B.V.(4) Netherlands 2024 ₹89.2 41 Infosys Chile Chile Dec 31, NA 1 CLP = 7 46 70 17 – 112 26 5 21 100 SpA(2) 2024 ₹0.09 42 Simplus Philippines Jan 31, NA 1 PHP = 1 17 27 9 – 73 4 1 3 100 Philippines, 2025 ₹1.49 Inc.(6) 43 HypoCasso The Dec 31, NA 1 EUR = 8 12 49 29 – 83 15 4 11 75 B.V.(5) Netherlands 2024 ₹89.2 44 Infosys France Dec 31, NA 1 EUR = 29 (20) 25 16 – 101 9 2 7 100 Consulting 2024 ₹89.2 SAS(4) 7 3 7 A 4 Turnover(1) Sl. Name of the Country Financial Date of Exchange Share Reserves Total Total Investments Profit / Provision Profit / % of n n No. subsidiary period acquisition rate/ capital and assets liabilities (includes (Loss) for (Loss) shareholding e taxation(1) ended Reporting surplus (excluding inter- before after x u taxation(1) taxation(1) currency share capital company r e and reserves transactions) s and surplus) t o t 45 Panaya Inc. US Dec 31, Mar 5, 1 USD = – 191 322 131 – 87 5 12 (7) 100 h e (Panaya)(2) 2024 2015 ₹85.62 B o 46 Infosys Middle Dubai Dec 31, Jan 1, 1 AED = 1 (9) 35 43 – 86 5 – 5 100 a LLC(9) East FZ 2024 2018 ₹23.31 r d 's 47 BASE life Switzerland Jun 30, Sep 1, 1 CHF = 1 21 114 92 – 110 (16) – (16) 100 r e AG(17) science 2024 2022 ₹92.74 p o 48 Fluido Norway Norway Dec 31, NA 1 NOK = – 58 73 15 – 63 13 3 10 100 r t A/S(16) 2024 ₹7.57 49 Infosys Limited Bulgaria Dec 31, NA 1 BGN = 2 9 21 10 – 75 6 1 5 100 Bulgaria 2024 ₹45.47 EOOD(2) 50 Infosys Belgium Dec 31, NA 1 EUR = 3 (5) 30 32 – 58 2 – 2 100 Consulting 2024 ₹89.2 NV(4) (Belgium) 51 Fluido Denmark Dec 31, NA 1 DKK = 3 (9) 101 107 – 129 9 2 7 100 Denmark 2024 ₹11.96 A/S(16) 52 Infosys Qatar Dec 31, Feb 20, 1 QAR = 8 36 50 6 – 41 17 2 15 100 Business 2024 2022 ₹ 23.49 LLC(2) Solutions 53 Infosys Green India Mar 31, NA INR 1 304 341 36 11 44 6 – 6 100 Forum(2) 2025 54 BASE life Germany Jun 30, Sep 1, 1 EUR = – (1) 24 25 – 28 (2) – (2) 100 science 2024 2022 ₹89.31 GmbH(17) 55 BASE life Spain Jun 30, NA 1 EUR = – 11 43 32 – 56 11 3 8 100 S.L.(17) science 2024 ₹89.31 In fo 56 Infosys Argentina Dec 31, NA 1 ARS = 50 (54) 57 61 – 41 (20) 11 (31) 100 s y Consulting 2024 ₹0.08 s In S.R.L.(2) te g ra 57 BASE life UK Jun 30, Sep 1, 1 GBP = – 6 14 8 – 26 (3) – (3) 100 te Ltd.(17) science 2024 2022 ₹105.48 d A n 58 GuideVision Hungary Dec 31, NA 1 HUF = – (2) 6 8 – 17 (3) – (3) 100 n u Magyarország 2024 ₹0.22 a l R Kft.(18) e p o 59 Infosys South South Africa Dec 31, NA 1 ZAR = 8 1 39 30 – 71 2 1 1 100 rt 2 Africa (Pty) 2024 ₹4.57 0 2 Ltd(9) 4 -2 5 In Turnover(1) Sl. Name of the Country Financial Date of Exchange Share Reserves Total Total Investments Profit / Provision Profit / % of fo s No. subsidiary period acquisition rate/ capital and assets liabilities (includes (Loss) for (Loss) shareholding y s taxation(1) ended Reporting surplus (excluding inter- before after In te taxation(1) taxation(1) currency share capital company g and reserves transactions) ra te and surplus) d A 60 GuideVision Poland Dec 31, NA 1 PLN = – – 6 6 – 19 (1) – (1) 100 n n Polska SP. Z 2024 ₹20.85 u a l O.O.(18) R e p 61 WongDoody Serbia Dec 31, Apr 20, 1 RSD = – 5 5 – – 15 1 – 1 100 o rt D.O.O(19)(21) 2024 2022 ₹0.76 2 0 2 62 Idunn India Mar 31, Sep 1, INR – 74 75 1 – – (4) 1 (5) 100 4 -2 Information 2025 2023 5 Technology Private Limited(2)(20) 63 Infosys Austria Austria Dec 31, NA 1 EUR = 1 – 45 44 – 21 – – – 100 GmbH(2) 2024 ₹89.2 64 WongDoody Taiwan Dec 31, Apr 20, 1 TWD = – 1 3 2 – 6 1 – 1 100 Limited 2024 2022 ₹2.61 (Taipei)(21) 65 Panaya Germany Dec 31, NA 1 EUR = – (2) 12 14 – 21 1 – 1 100 Germany 2024 ₹89.2 GmbH(8) 66 GuideVision Finland Dec 31, NA 1 EUR = – (2) 2 4 – 5 (4) – (4) 100 Oy(18) Suomi 2024 ₹89.2 67 Fluido Slovakia Slovakia Dec 31, NA 1 EUR = 1 6 8 1 – 11 1 – 1 100 s.r.o(16) 2024 ₹89.2 68 Infosys Germany Dec 31, NA 1 EUR = – 4 11 7 – 7 – – – 100 Financial 2024 ₹89.2 Services GmbH (formerly known as Panaya GmbH)(9) 69 GuideVision Germany Dec 31, NA 1 EUR = – (9) 3 12 – 6 (2) – (2) 100 Deutschland 2024 ₹89.2 GmbH(18) 70 Infosys Fluido Ireland Dec 31, NA 1 EUR = 1 5 6 – – 8 2 – 2 100 Ltd.(22) Ireland, 2024 ₹89.2 71 BASE life Italy Jun 30, Sep 1, 1 EUR = – (1) 6 7 – 12 (1) – (1) 100 S.r.l.(17) science 2024 2022 ₹89.31 72 BASE life France Jun 30, Sep 1, 1 EUR = – (1) 10 11 – 13 (1) – (1) 100 S.A.S(17) science 2024 2022 ₹89.31 7 5 7 A 6 Turnover(1) Profit / Provision Profit / % of Sl. Name of the Country Financial Date of Exchange Share Reserves Total Total Investments n n (includes (Loss) for (Loss) shareholding No. subsidiary period acquisition rate/ capital and assets liabilities e taxation(1) inter- before after ended Reporting surplus (excluding x u taxation(1) taxation(1) company currency share capital r e transactions) and reserves s and surplus) t o t 73 WongDoody China Dec 31, Apr 20, 1 RMB = 1 4 10 5 – 6 1 – 1 100 h e (Shanghai) 2024 2022 ₹11.67 B Co. Limited o a (formerly r d known 's as oddity r e (Shanghai) Co., p o Ltd.)(21) r t 74 Infosys Norway Dec 31, NA 1 NOK = 2 – 20 18 – 39 1 – 1 100 Norway(9) 2024 ₹7.57 Gmbh(5) 75 Stater Germany Dec 31, NA 1 EUR = – (53) 5 58 – 8 (31) – (31) 75 2024 ₹89.2 76 Stater XXL The Dec 31, NA 1 EUR = – – – – – – – – – 75 B.V.(5) Netherlands 2024 ₹89.2 77 BASE life US Jun 30, Sep 1, 1 USD = – 3 16 13 – 19 3 1 2 100 Inc.(17) science 2024 2022 ₹83.39 78 Infosys Nova US Dec 31, NA 1 USD = 2,766 44 2,814 4 – – – (35) 35 100 Holdings LLC. 2024 ₹85.62 Nova)(2) (Infosys 79 Infosys Switzerland Dec 31, Oct 22, 1 CHF = 162 417 602 23 – – 148 (1) 149 100 Consulting 2024 2012 ₹94.72 AG(2) Holding 80 Infosys Arabia Saudi Arabia Dec 31, NA 1 SAR = 3 1 4 – – – – – – 70 Limited(24)(23) 2024 ₹22.8 81 Infosys Germany Dec 31, NA 1 EUR = 2 – 2 – – – – – – 100 Germany 2024 ₹89.2 Holding Gmbh(2) In fo 82 Infosys Germany Dec 31, Mar 22, 1 EUR = – 4,091 4,555 464 1 – (53) – (53) 100 s y Germany 2024 2022 ₹89.2 s In GmbH(9) te g ra 83 Brilliant Basics UK Mar 31, NA 1 GBP = – 1 1 – – – – – – 100 te Limited(25)(23) 2025 ₹110.7 d A n 84 Brilliant Basics UK Mar 31, Sep 8, 1 GBP = – 70 88 18 – – 1 – 1 100 n u Holdings 2025 2017 ₹110.7 a l R Limited(2)(23) e p o rt 2 0 2 4 -2 5 In Turnover(1) Sl. Name of the Country Financial Date of Exchange Share Reserves Total Total Investments Profit / Provision Profit / % of fo s No. subsidiary period acquisition rate/ capital and assets liabilities (includes (Loss) for (Loss) shareholding y s taxation(1) ended Reporting surplus (excluding inter- before after In te taxation(1) taxation(1) currency share capital company g and reserves transactions) ra te and surplus) d A 85 Infosys Turkey Dec 31, NA 1 TRY = 91 (70) 183 162 – 84 (40) 3 (43) 100 n n Turkey Bilgi 2024 ₹2.42 u a l Teknolojileri R e Limited p o Sirketi(2) rt 2 0 86 in-tech Holding Germany Dec 31, July 17, 1 EUR = – 1,677 1,711 34 – 6 5 – 5 100 2 4 -2 GmbH(26)(29) 2024 2024 ₹89.2 5 87 in-tech Germany Dec 31, July 17, 1 EUR = 1 477 807 329 – 616 65 19 46 100 GmbH(26) 2024 2024 ₹89.2 88 Friedrich & Germany Dec 31, July 17, 1 EUR = 2 4 7 1 – – 10 – 10 100 Wagner Asia 2024 2024 ₹89.2 Pacific GmbH(26)(29) 89 drivetech Germany Dec 31, July 17, 1 EUR = – 6 8 2 – 12 2 – 2 100 Fahrversuch 2024 2024 ₹89.2 GmbH(26) ProIT,S.R.L(26) 90 Romania Dec 31, July 17, 1 RON = – 18 25 7 – 28 3 – 3 100 2024 2024 ₹17.91 91 in-tech Barcelona Dec 31, July 17, 1 EUR = – (4) 13 17 – 13 – – – 100 Automotive 2024 2024 ₹89.2 Engineering SL(26) 92 in-tech Prague Dec 31, July 17, 1 CZK = 1 9 14 4 – 15 2 1 1 100 Engineering 2024 2024 ₹3.54 s.r.o(26) 93 in-tech Austria Dec 31, July 17, 1 EUR = 1 7 13 5 – 18 3 1 2 100 Engineering 2024 2024 ₹89.2 GmbH(26) 94 in-tech Braşov Dec 31, July 17, 1 RON = 1 5 9 3 – 20 – – – 100 Engineering 2024 2024 ₹17.91 services S.R.L(26) 95 in-tech Group UK Dec 31, July 17, 1 GBP = – 7 9 2 – 14 15 2 13 100 Ltd(26) 2024 2024 ₹107.48 96 in-tech China Dec 31, July 17, 1 RMB = 2 9 47 36 – 33 3 1 2 100 Automotive 2024 2024 ₹11.67 Engineering Shenyang Co. Ltd(26) 7 7 7 A 8 Turnover(1) Sl. Name of the Country Financial Date of Exchange Share Reserves Total Total Investments Profit / Provision Profit / % of n n No. subsidiary period acquisition rate/ capital and assets liabilities (includes (Loss) for (Loss) shareholding e taxation(1) ended Reporting surplus (excluding inter- before after x u taxation(1) taxation(1) currency share capital company r e and reserves transactions) s and surplus) t o t 97 in-tech China Dec 31, July 17, 1 EUR = – 9 12 3 – 11 3 1 2 100 h e Automotive 2024 2024 ₹89.2 B Engineering o a Beijing Co., r d Ltd(26) 's r 98 in-tech Mexico Dec 31, July 17, 1 MXN = – – – – – – – – – 100 e p Automotive 2024 2024 ₹4.14 o r Engineering t de R.L. de C.V(26)(23) 99 Friedrich US Dec 31, July 17, 1 USD = 2 32 74 40 – – 1 – 1 100 & Wagner 2024 2024 ₹85.62 Holding Inc, USA(26)(23) 100 Infy tech France Dec 31, July 17, 1 EUR = – – – – – – – – – 100 SAS(9)(15) 2024 2024 ₹89.2 101 Insemi India Mar 31, May 10, INR 1 41 104 62 – 214 (15) (2) (13) 100 Technology 2025 2024 Service Private Limited(2)(32) 102 Elbrus Labs India Mar 31, May 10, INR – 4 5 1 – 9 – – – 100 Private 2025 2024 Limited(32)(33) 103 Infosys Thailand Mar 31, July 3, 1 THB = 12 (2) 11 1 – 1 (2) – (2) 100 Services 2025 2024 ₹2.52 (Thailand) Limited(2)(31) 104 in-tech Group India Mar 31, July 17, INR – 1 5 4 – 9 1 – 1 100 In India Private 2025 2024 fo Ltd(26) s y s In 105 Infosys BPM UK Mar 31, NA 1 GBP = 23 (1) 23 1 – – – – – 100 te Limited(3) UK 2025 ₹110.7 g ra te 106 Blitz 24-893 Germany Dec 31, Oct 17, 1 EUR = 1 – 1 – – – – – – 100 d SE(27) 2024 2024 ₹89.2 A n n 107 Simplus ANZ Australia Jan 31, NA 1 AUD = – – – – – – – – – 100 u a l Ltd.(6) Pty 2025 ₹53.9 R e p 108 GuideVision UK Dec 31, NA 1 GBP = – – – – – – – – – 100 o rt Ltd(18)(23) UK 2024 ₹107.48 2 0 2 Inc.(17) US Jun 30, Sep 1, 1 USD = – – – – – – – – – 100 109 Innovisor 4 -2 2024 2022 ₹83.39 5 (1) (21) In Converted at monthly average exchange rates Wholly-owned subsidiary of WongDoody Gmbh (formerly known as oddity GmbH). fo (2) (22) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Limited Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Fluido UK, Ltd. s y s (3) (23) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys BPM Limited Under liquidation In te (4) (24) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Consulting Holding AG Majority-owned and controlled subsidiary of Infosys Limited g ra (5) (25) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Stater N.V. Wholly-owned subsidiary of Brilliant Basics Holding Limited te d (6) (26) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Nova Holdings LLC On July 17, 2024, Infosys Germany GmbH, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Singapore A n Pte. Ltd, acquired 100% of voting interests in in-tech Holding GmbH along with its subsidiary (7) Majority-owned and controlled subsidiary of Infosys Singapore Pte. Ltd. (formerly Infosys n u in-tech GmbH along with its six subsidiaries in-tech Automotive Engineering SL, ProIT, in- Consulting Pte. Ltd). a l tech Automotive Engineering de R.L. de C.V, drivetech Fahrversuch GmbH, Friedrich Wagner R (8) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Panaya Inc. e Holding Inc along with its two subsidiaries (in-tech Automotive Engineering LLC and in-tech p o (9) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Singapore Pte. Ltd. (formerly Infosys Consulting Pte. Ltd.) Services LLC) and Friedrich & Wagner Asia Pacific GmbH along with its five subsidiaries in-tech rt 2 engineering s.r.o, in-tech engineering GmbH, in-tech engineering services S.R.L, in-tech Group (10) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Simplus ANZ Pty Ltd 0 2 Ltd along with its subsidiary (in-tech Group India Private Limited) and in-tech Automotive 4 (11) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Public Services, Inc. -2 Engineering Shenyang Co., Ltd along with its subsidiary (in-tech Automotive Engineering 5 (12) On November 24, 2023, Stater Participations B.V. (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Stater N.V.) Bejing Co., Ltd). Subsequently on September 1, 2024, in-tech Group India Private Limited merged with Stater N.V. and Stater Belgium N.V./S.A, which was formerly a wholly-owned became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys limited. subsidiary of Stater Participations B.V. became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Stater N.V. (27) On October 17, 2024, Infosys Singapore Pte Ltd. acquired 100% of voting interests in Blitz 24- (13) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infy Consulting Company Limited 893 SE. (14) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Germany GmbH (formerly Kristall 247. GmbH (“Kristall”)) (28) WongDoody Inc, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys limited merged into Infosys Nova Holdings LLC effective January 1, 2025. (15) Incorporated on July 3, 2024 (29) in-tech Holding GmbH and Friedrich & Wagner Asia Pacific GmbH merged into in-tech GmbH (16) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Fluido Oy effective January 1, 2025. (17) Wholly-owned subsidiary of BASE life science A/S (30) Kaleidoscope Animations, Blue Acorn iCi Inc and Outbox systems Inc. dba Simplus (US) merged (18) Wholly-owned subsidiary of GuideVision s.r.o. into Infosys Nova Holdings LLC effective January 1, 2025. (19) On September 29, 2023, oddity space GmbH, oddity waves GmbH, oddity jungle GmbH, oddity (31) Incorporated on July 26, 2024 group services GmbH and oddity code GmbH merged into WongDoody GmbH and oddity (32) On May 10, 2024, Infosys Ltd. acquired 100% of voting interests in InSemi Technology Services code d.o.o which was formerly a subsidiary of oddity code Gmbh has become a subsidiary of Private Limited along with its subsidiary Elbrus Labs Private Limited. Wongdoody Gmbh (formerly known as oddity GmbH). (33) Wholly-owned subsidiary of InSemi Technology Services Private Limited (20) On September 1, 2023, Infosys Ltd. acquired 100% of voting interests in IDUNN Information Technology Private Limited (formerly Danske IT and Support Services India Private Limited (“Danske IT”)). Notes : 1. Investments exclude investments in subsidiaries `1,03,000 (`10,000 `8.00 2. Proposed dividend from any of the subsidiaries is nil except for Infosys BPM Limited and EdgeVerve which proposed a final dividend of per equity share par value) and per equity (`10 share par value) subject to approval of shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting of Infosys BPM Limited and EdgeVerve respectively. 3. Reserve and Surplus includes Other comprehensive income and securities premium. 4. Skava Systems Private Limited a wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Ltd has been liquidated effective November 14, 2024. 5. Infosys Limited SPC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Infosys Ltd, incorporated, effective December 12, 2024 and has yet to commence operations. 6. Infosys BPM Netherlands B.V, a wholly owned subsidiary of Infosys BPM Ltd, incorporated, effective March 20, 2025 and has yet to commence operations. for and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Infosys Limited Nandan M. Nilekani Salil Parekh Bobby Parikh Chairman Chief Executive Officer Director DIN: 00041245 and Managing Director DIN: 00019437 DIN: 01876159 Bengaluru Jayesh Sanghrajka A.G.S. Manikantha Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary April 17, 2025 7 Membership No. ACS 21918 9 Annexure 2 – Particulars of contracts / arrangements made with related parties [Pursuant to Clause (h) of sub-section (3) of Section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013, and Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 – AOC-2] This Form pertains to the disclosure of particulars of contracts / arrangements entered into by the Company with related parties referred to in sub-section (1) of Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013, including certain arm’s length transactions under third proviso thereto. Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions not at arm’s length basis There were no contracts or arrangements or transactions entered into during the year ended March 31, 2025, which were not at arm’s length basis. Details of material contracts or arrangement or transactions at arm’s length basis There were no material contracts or arrangements or transactions entered into during the year ended March 31, 2025. for and on behalf of the Board of Directors Sd/- Sd/- Nandan M. Nilekani Salil Parekh Chairman Chief Executive Officer Bengaluru DIN: 00041245 and Managing Director April 17, 2025 DIN: 01876159 There were no material contracts, arrangements, or transactions requiring disclosure under the Companies Act, 2013. However, the Company has obtained shareholder’s approval for material related party transactions in accordance with Regulation 23 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. The details of these transactions are available at the following link: https://www.bseindia.com/xml-data/corpfiling/AttachHis/e0a622f0-71e9-4868-836f-ec073491004e.pdf. 80 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Annexure 3 – Particulars of employees In fo s y s In te We are a leading provider of consulting, technology, outsourcing, and next-generation digital services. We enable clients across 59 countries to outperform their competition g ra and stay ahead on the innovation curve. The remuneration and perquisites provided to our employees, including that of the Management, are on par with industry te benchmarks. The Nomination and Remuneration committee continuously reviews the compensation of the CEO and Senior Management Personnel (SMP) to align both the d A short-term and long-term business objectives of the Company and to link compensation with the achievement of goals. n n u a The details of remuneration to directors, Key Managerial Personnel and other employees are in compliance with Rule 5 of Chapter XIII, the Companies (Appointment and l R Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014. In accordance with the requirements, tables 3(a) and 3(b) include the perquisite value of stock incentives at the time of e p o their exercise and do not include the value of the stock incentives at the time of grant. rt 2 0 The change in remuneration in fiscal 2025 as compared to fiscal 2024 is primarily on account of change in perquisite value of stock incentives granted in previous years and 2 4 -2 exercised during the year and revision in compensation. The change in perquisite value of stock incentives exercised during the year also includes the impact of number 5 of units exercised. Information as per Rule 5 of Chapter XIII, the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 3(a) Remuneration details of directors and KMP Title % increase of Name Director No. of Ratio of remuneration Ratio of % increase of remuneration in remuneration Identification RSUs to MRE (excluding remuneration fiscal 2025 as compared to fiscal (1) in fiscal 2025 Number granted perquisite value of stock to MRE 2024 (excluding perquisite value as compared to (DIN) in fiscal incentives exercised of stock incentives exercised (1) fiscal 2024 2025 during the year) during the year) Nilekani(2) Nandan M. 00041245 Non-executive and Non- – – – – – independent Chairman D. Sundaram 00016304 Independent Director 2 27 2 27 – Michael Gibbs 08177291 Independent Director 3 29 3 29 – Bobby Parikh 00019437 Independent Director 2 21 2 21 – Chitra Nayak 09101763 Independent Director 4 26 4 26 – Govind Iyer 00169343 Independent Director 2 23 2 23 – Helene Auriol Potier 10166891 Independent Director NA 21 NA 21 – Nitin Paranjpe 00045204 Independent Director NA 18 NA 18 – Parekh(3) Salil 01876159 Chief Executive Officer and 22 752 14 290 3,82,071 Managing Director Sanghrajka(4) Jayesh NA Chief Financial Officer NA 85 NA 30 32,010 Manikantha(5) A.G.S. NA Company Secretary (4) 13 4 11 2,000 MRE – Median Remuneration of Employees Notes: The remuneration details in the above table pertain to directors and KMP as required under the Companies Act, 2013. The table above additionally includes the % increase in remuneration and ratio of remuneration to MRE, excluding perquisite value of stock incentives exercised during the year. The details in the above table are on accrual basis. The % increase of remuneration is provided only for those directors and KMP, who have drawn remuneration from the Company for full fiscal 2025 and full fiscal 2024. The ratio of remuneration to MRE is 8 provided only for those directors and KMP who have drawn remuneration from the Company for the full fiscal 2025. 1 8 The change in remuneration in fiscal 2025 as compared to fiscal 2024 is primarily on account of change in perquisite value of stock incentives granted in previous years and exercised during the year, and 2 revision in compensation. (1) Remuneration to KMP includes fixed pay, variable pay, retiral benefits and the perquisite value of stock incentives exercised during the period, determined in accordance with the provisions of the Income-tax Act, 1961. Accordingly, the value of stock incentives granted during the period is not included. The number of stock incentives granted in fiscal 2025 is mentioned in the above table. Independent directors are not entitled to any stock incentives. (2) Nandan M. Nilekani voluntarily chose not to receive any remuneration for his services rendered to the Company. (3) a) Remuneration includes ₹49.50 crore pertaining to exercise of 3,06,276 Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) under the 2015 Plan and 39,141 RSUs under the 2019 Plan during fiscal 2025. b) On the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and as approved by the shareholders, in accordance with the terms of his employment agreement effective July 1, 2022, the Board approved i) the grant of 2,45,679 performance-based RSUs under the 2015 Plan effective May 2, 2024. These will vest based on the achievement of certain performance targets. ii) the grant of 14,140 performance-based RSUs under the 2015 Plan effective May 2, 2024. These will vest based on the achievement of certain environment, social and governance milestones as determined by the Board. iii) the grant of 35,349 performance-based RSUs under the 2015 Plan effective May 2, 2024. These will vest based on the achievement of the Company’s performance on cumulative relative TSR over the years and as determined by the Board. iv) the grant of 16,204 annual time-based RSUs for fiscal 2025 under the 2015 Plan effective February 1, 2025. These will vest over a period of three years. v) the grant of 70,699 performance-based RSUs for fiscal 2025 under the 2019 Plan effective May 2, 2024. These will vest based on the Company’s achievement of certain performance criteria as laid out in the 2019 Plan. These RSUs will vest in line with the employment agreement. (4) a) Remuneration includes ₹5.84 crore on account of exercise of 30,621 RSUs under the 2015 Plan and 6,494 RSUs under the 2019 Plan during fiscal 2025. b) On the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board approved i) the grant of 18,010 time-based RSUs under the 2015 Plan effective February 15, 2025. These will vest over a period of four years. ii) the grant of 14,000 performance-based RSUs under the 2019 Plan effective February 15, 2025. These will vest based on the Company’s achievement of certain performance criteria as laid out in the 2019 Plan. c) Jayesh Sanghrajka was appointed as Chief Financial Officer of the Company effective April 1, 2024. (5) a) Remuneration includes ₹0.30 crore on account of exercise of 751 RSUs under the 2015 Plan and 1,093 RSUs under the 2019 Plan during fiscal 2025. b) On the recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board approved the grant of 2,000 performance-based RSUs under the 2019 Plan effective February 15, 2025. These RSUs will vest based on the Company’s achievement of certain performance criteria as laid out in the 2019 Plan. The MRE was ₹10,72,008 and ₹9,77,868 in fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024, respectively. The increase in MRE in fiscal 2025, as compared to fiscal 2024, is 9.63%. The average annual increase in the salaries of employees was 12% in India after accounting for promotions and other event-based compensation revisions for employees covered as part of the rewards program. Employees outside India received a wage increase in line with the market trends in the respective countries. In fo s y s In te g ra te d A n n u a l R e p o rt 2 0 2 4 -2 5 3(b) Information as per Rule 5 of Chapter XIII, the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 In A fo n n s Top 10 employees in terms of remuneration drawn during the year y e s x In u te Employee Designation Educational Age Experience Date of Location Remuneration in No. of RSUs granted Previous employment and r g e ra (1) (2) name qualification (in years) joining fiscal 2025 (in ₹) in fiscal 2025 designation s te t 80,62,36,456(3) 3,82,071 Capgemini, Director General Salil Parekh CEO & MD B.Tech, ME 60 37 Jan 2, 2018 India o d A t n 21,64,37,027(4) 62,980 Accenture, Senior Manager Karmesh Gul Segment Head – CPG, BE 53 32 Mar 3, 2003 UK h n e u Vaswani Logistics & Retail a B l o R 20,09,01,326(5) 60,240 Wipro, Senior Vice President Inderpreet Chief Legal Officer and BA LLB, LLM 60 34 Jul 3, 2017 US e a p r and General Counsel Sawhney Chief Compliance Officer o d rt 's 16,08,78,772(6) 46,130 Vanguard, Managing Director Martha King Chief Client Officer BS 61 40 Oct 12, 2020 US 2 0 r 2 e 14,88,98,433(7) 53,320 HCL America, Vice President Jasmeet Singh Segment Head – B.Tech, MBA 53 29 May 31, 2011 US 4 p -2 o Manufacturing 5 r t 14,46,55,601(8) 53,320 Rane Brake Linings Limited, ACS, AICWA, 53 33 Apr 26, 1999 US Anand Segment Head – Manager Information Swaminathan Communication, Media MS Technology and Technology 12,71,82,708(9) 55,300 Indal, Process Engineer B.Tech (H) 53 31 May 8, 1995 US Ashiss Kumar Segment Head – Energy, Dash Utilities, Resources and Services 12,20,54,412(10) 28,880 Wipro, Project Manager Anant Service Offering Head B.Sc 52 30 Nov 10, 2008 US Raghavendra Adya 11,36,49,276(11) 11,320 Liberty Global, Managing Gavin Sheldon Head – Entertainment Diploma A 49 30 Nov 6, 2023 UK Director and Connectivity Level Platforms 10,73,36,286(12) 26,610 Telstra, Managing Director Upendra Kohli Industry Head – BE, MBA 55 32 Jan 2, 2019 US Communications, Media and Technology Notes: The details in the above table are on accrual basis for better comparability with the KMP remuneration disclosures included in other sections of this Annual Report. The aforementioned employees have / had permanent employment contracts with the Company. Employees mentioned above are neither relatives of any directors of the Company, nor hold 2% or more of the paid-up equity share capital of the Company as per Clause (iii) of sub-rule (2) of Rule 5 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014. For employees based overseas, average exchange rates have been used for conversion to INR. (1) Includes fixed pay, variable pay, retiral benefits and the perquisite value of stock incentives exercised during the period, determined in accordance with the provisions of the Income-tax Act, 1961 or relevant overseas tax regulations as applicable. Accordingly, the value of stock incentives granted during the period is not included. The number of stock incentives granted in fiscal 2025 is included in the table above. (2) Includes equity-settled and cash-settled RSUs issued at par under the 2015 and 2019 Plans. (3) Remuneration includes ₹49.50 crore on account of exercise of 3,06,276 RSUs under the 2015 Plan and 39,141 RSUs under the 2019 Plan during fiscal 2025. (4) Remuneration includes ₹10.22 crore on account of exercise of 47,850 RSUs under the 2015 Plan and 13,662 RSUs under the 2019 Plan during fiscal 2025. (5) Remuneration includes ₹10.04 crore on account of exercise of 47,386 RSUs under the 2015 Plan and 14,499 RSUs under the 2019 Plan during fiscal 2025. (6) Remuneration includes ₹6.97 crore on account of exercise of 28,267 RSUs under the 2015 Plan and 12,789 RSUs under the 2019 Plan during fiscal 2025. She has resigned from the Company and her last working day was March 21, 2025. (7) Remuneration includes ₹7.61 crore on account of exercise of 35,506 RSUs under the 2015 Plan and 11,086 RSUs under the 2019 Plan during fiscal 2025. (8) Remuneration includes ₹7.18 crore on account of exercise of 35,757 RSUs under the 2015 Plan and 10,753 RSUs under the 2019 Plan during fiscal 2025. (9) Remuneration includes ₹6.50 crore on account of exercise of 23,957 RSUs under the 2015 Plan and 10,630 RSUs under the 2019 Plan during fiscal 2025. (10) Remuneration includes ₹7.03 crore on account of exercise of 42,443 RSUs under the 2015 Plan and 8,418 RSUs under the 2019 Plan during fiscal 2025. 8 (11) Remuneration includes ₹0.50 crore on account of exercise of 2,700 RSUs under the 2015 Plan during fiscal 2025. 3 (12) Remuneration includes ₹3.96 crore on account of exercise of 15,008 RSUs under the 2015 Plan and 5,715 RSUs under the 2019 Plan during fiscal 2025. Annexure 4: Independent Auditor’s certificate on corporate governance REF:IL/2025-26/001 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S CERTIFICATE TO THE MEMBERS OF INFOSYS LIMITED CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 1. This certificate is issued in accordance with the terms of our engagement letter reference no. IL/2024-25/11 dated July 6, 2024. 2. We, Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP, Chartered Accountants, the Statutory Auditors of Infosys Limited (“the Company”), have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by the Company, for the year ended on March 31, 2025, as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and para C and D of Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the “Listing Regulations”). Managements’ Responsibility 3. The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the Management. This responsibility includes the design, implementation and maintenance of internal control and procedures to ensure the compliance with the conditions of the Corporate Governance stipulated in Listing Regulations. Auditor’s Responsibility 4. Our responsibility is limited to examining the procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring compliance with the conditions of the Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements of the Company. 5. We have examined the books of account and other relevant records and documents maintained by the Company for the purposes of providing reasonable assurance on the compliance with Corporate Governance requirements by the Company. 6. We have carried out an examination of the relevant records of the Company in accordance with the Guidance Note on Certification of Corporate Governance issued by the Institute of the Chartered Accountants of India (the ICAI), the Standards on Auditing specified under Section 143(10) of the Companies Act 2013, in so far as applicable for the purpose of this certificate and as per the Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes issued by the ICAI which requires that we comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI. 7. We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services Engagements. Opinion 8. Based on our examination of the relevant records and according to the information and explanations provided to us and the representations provided by the Management, we certify that the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and para C and D of Schedule V of the Listing Regulations during the year ended March 31, 2025. 9. We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness with which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company. For DELOITTE HASKINS & SELLS LLP Chartered Accountants (Firm’s Registration No. 117366W/W-100018) Sd/- Vikas Bagaria Partner Place: Bengaluru (Membership No. 060408) Date: April 17, 2025 UDIN: 25060408BMOCIM8815 84 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Annexure 5 – Secretarial audit report for the financial year ended March 31, 2025 Form No. MR-3 [Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No. 9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014] To, The Members, Infosys Limited Electronics City, Hosur Road Bengaluru-560100, Karnataka, India We have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate practices by Infosys Limited (“the Company”). The Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory compliances and expressing our opinion thereon. Auditor’s responsibility Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the compliance of the applicable laws and maintenance of records based on audit. We have conducted the audit in accordance with the applicable Auditing Standards issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India. The Auditing Standards require that the Auditor shall comply with statutory and regulatory requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about compliance with applicable laws and maintenance of records. Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the Company and also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorized representatives during the conduct of Secretarial Audit, we hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the audit period from April 01, 2024 to March 31, 2025 (“the audit period”) complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board processes and compliance mechanisms in place to the extent and in the manner reporting made hereinafter: (i) The Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the rules made thereunder; (ii) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 and the rules made thereunder; (iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and bye-laws framed there under; (iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign Direct Investment and Overseas Direct Investment (External Commercial Borrowings are not applicable to the Company during the Audit Period); (v) The following regulations and guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (“the SEBI Act”): - a) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011; b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015; c) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018; (Not applicable to the Company during the audit period) d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021; e) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible Securities) Regulations, 2021; (Not applicable to the Company during the audit period) f) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act and dealing with client; g) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021; (Not applicable to the Company during the audit period) and h) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-back of Securities) Regulations, 2018. (Not applicable to the Company during the audit period) Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 85 We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the following: (i) Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India. (ii) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and amendments made thereunder (“Listing Regulations”). We further report that, with regard to the compliance system prevailing in the Company and on the examination of the relevant documents and records in pursuance thereof, on test-check basis, the Company has generally complied with the following laws applicable specifically to the Company: • The Special Economic Zones Act, 2005 and the rules made thereunder; and • Software Technology Parks of India Rules and Regulations During the audit period, the Company has complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines and Standards etc. made thereunder. We further report that The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors, and Independent Directors. The changes in the composition of the Board of Directors that took place during the audit period were carried out in compliance with the provisions of the Act and Listing Regulations. Adequate notice was given to all directors to schedule Board meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda were sent at least seven days in advance. A system exists for seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful participation at the meeting. All decisions at Board meetings and Committee meetings are carried out unanimously as recorded in the minutes of the meetings of the Board of Directors or Committees of the Board, as the case may be. We further report that there are adequate systems and processes in the Company commensurate with the size and operations of the Company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations, and guidelines. We further report that during the audit period, a) the Company has issued and allotted 8,81,635 Equity Shares of face value of ₹5/- each pursuant to 2015 Stock Incentive Compensation Plan and 15,14,356 Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 5/- each pursuant the Infosys Expanded Stock Ownership Program 2019. b) the Company has intimated on January 13, 2021, regarding voluntary winding up of Skava Systems Private Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary. NCLT, Division Bench – 1, Chennai has passed an order to liquidate Skava and shall stand dissolved as on the date of the order i.e. November 14, 2024. For Makarand M. Joshi & Co. Company Secretaries ICSI UIN: P2009MH007000 Peer Review Cert. No.: 6290/2024 Sd/- Makarand M. Joshi Partner FCS: 5533 Place: Mumbai CP: 3662 Date: April 17, 2025 UDIN: F005533G000133045 This report is to be read with Annexure A, which forms an integral part of this report. 86 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Annexures to the Board's report Annexure A To, The Members, Infosys Limited Electronics City, Hosur Road Bengaluru-560100, Karnataka, India Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter. 1. Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the Management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit. 2. We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that accurate facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the company. 4. Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening of events etc. 5. The compliance of the provisions of corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis. 6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance of the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company. For Makarand M. Joshi & Co. Company Secretaries ICSI UIN: P2009MH007000 Peer Review Cert. No.: 6290/2024 Sd/- Makarand M. Joshi Partner FCS: 5533 CP: 3662 Place: Mumbai UDIN: F005533G000133045 Date: April 17, 2025 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 87 Annexure 6 – Annual report on CSR activities [Pursuant to Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, as amended.] 1. Brief outline on CSR Policy of the Company: Over the years, we have been focusing on sustainable business practices encompassing economic, environmental and social imperatives that not only cover business, but also the communities around us. Our Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”) encompasses holistic community development and institution building, while shaping and sharing solutions that serve the development of businesses and communities. Infosys’ CSR Policy aims to contribute to the sustainable development of society and the environment, and to make our planet more livable for future generations. Infosys’ CSR activities, amongst others, focuses on Education and Skill Development to Enable Sustained Livelihoods, Healthcare Including Preventive Health, Environmental Sustainability and Ecological Balance, Gender Equality and Empowerment of Women, Promotion of National Heritage, Art and Culture, Rural Development and Disaster Relief and Rehabilitation. CSR activities Infosys Limited (“Infosys” or “the Company”) has been an early adopter of CSR initiatives. Infosys undertakes CSR initiatives both directly as well as through Infosys Foundation (“the Foundation”). The Foundation was established in 1996 with a vision to boosting our CSR initiatives. This was long before the Companies Act, 2013 mandated CSR activities to be undertaken by the Company. Key highlights of the activities during the year are listed below: • Infosys Springboard digital literacy program powered by tech platform that enables students to learn core digital and life skills and become lifelong learners • Initiate the Universal Cornea Care Mission at L.V. Prasad Eye Institute by optimizing, operationalizing and validating the model and define an actionable strategy to replicate across the country • Construction of mother and child healthcare center at Government Hospital, Kunigal • Achieve environmental sustainability, maintain ecological balance, and enhance farmer profitability through tree plantation initiatives • Scholarships for students who intend to pursue undergraduate studies in NIRF-accredited colleges in the fields of Engineering and other STEM streams such as nursing, pharmacy, biochemistry and biotechnology etc. • Equipment for an advanced lab setup and a central hub for open, accessible, advanced multidisciplinary and interdisciplinary science education, particularly in chemistry and life sciences at the International Foundation for Research and Education • Setting up the Center for Cybercrime Investigation, training and research to accelerate and strengthen cybercrime investigation momentum through capacity-building, research and development • Rapid operationalization of Madras Medical Hospital, encompassing high risk Ante-natal ward, ICU and OT and the cardio-obstetric ward at the hospital by providing quality medical equipment • Launched education to employment initiatives that focus on skilling underserved youth through strategic partnerships and livelihood training programs. • Collaborated with leading sports foundations to build inclusive training ecosystems that identify and nurture athletic talent across the country. • Enabled girls from disadvantaged backgrounds to prepare for competitive exams and pursue higher education in STEM fields. 2. Composition of CSR Committee: Sl. Name of the director Designation / Nature of Number of meetings of CSR Number of meetings of CSR No. directorship Committee held during the year Committee attended during the year 1 Govind Iyer Chairperson 4 4 2 Chitra Nayak Member 4 4 3 Michael Gibbs Member 4 4 3. Web link(s) for composition of CSR Committee, CSR policy and CSR projects approved by the Board: • The composition of the CSR committee is available on our website, at https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-governance/ documents/committee-composition.pdf. • The Committee, with the approval of the Board, has adopted the CSR Policy as required under Section 135 of the Companies Act, at https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-governance/Documents/corporate-social-responsibility-policy.pdf. • The Company has also adopted the CSR committee charter, which is available on our website, at https://www.infosys.com/investors/ corporate-governance/documents/corporate-social-responsibility-committee-charter.pdf. • The Board, based on the recommendation of the CSR Committee, at its meeting held on April 10, 2025, has approved the annual action plan / projects for fiscal 2026, the details of which are available on our website, at https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/documents/csr-projects2025-26.pdf. 88 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Annexures to the Board's report 4. Executive summary along with web-link(s) of Impact Assessment of CSR Projects carried out in pursuance of sub- rule (3) of rule 8, if applicable: The Company has been implementing various CSR projects for holistic community development and institution building to serve the enrichment and evolution of businesses and communities. For fiscal 2025, the Company has engaged an external agency to provide support and assistance for an independent review and impact assessment. Methodology: In order to assess the impact of its CSR projects, a mixed-method approach was deployed which involved either one of or both the quantitative and qualitative research tools (as relevant) for primary data collection. Using these tools, the team conducted interactions (virtual and on-field) with the project beneficiaries and other relevant stakeholders. Post data collection and analysis, the key insights and findings were collated in the form of a consolidated report for the Management’s consideration. This study was guided by the Inclusiveness, Relevance, Effectiveness, Convergence and Sustainability (IRECS) Framework which was used to provide overall feedback on the efficacy of implementation as well, as its efficiency in terms of achievement of the desired project outputs with reference to inputs. Summary: During the year, impact assessment study was conducted on 26 eligible CSR projects which impacted 1.3 crore beneficiaries across various states in India. These projects align with the ESG framework and support 13 of the UN SDG goals which cover the broad themes of education, healthcare, women empowerment, sustainability and others. Theme 1: Education Impact: Emphasis on digital education and easy access to the online learning content ensured a positive impact on the students academic performance and a reduction in the dropout rates. Sl. No. CSR Project under Assessment Project Location Implementation 1. Infosys Springboard – Digital learning and reskilling program Across India Self implementation 2. Training on cybercrime investigation to various stakeholders Bengaluru, Karnataka Infosys Foundation 3. Training of Government Schools’ Science and Math teachers Andhra Pradesh and Odisha Infosys Foundation 4. Urban Digital Stem Program 6 states across India Infosys Foundation 5. Mo School Abhiyan Parichalana Sangathan (MSAPS) 25 districts in Odisha Infosys Foundation 6. eVidyaloka – Rural Digital and STEM Karnataka, Rajasthan and Infosys Foundation Education Program Madhya Pradesh 7. Blended Education Certificate Program in Public Health Gurugram, Haryana, Infosys Foundation Nursing Bhubaneshwar and Odisha 8. Capacity expansion and rezoning of the Narayan Rao Bengaluru, Karnataka Infosys Foundation Melgiri National Law Library at National Law School of India University Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 89 Sl. No. CSR Project under Assessment Project Location Implementation 9. Construction of a multipurpose hall at Karnataka Public Chitradurga, Karnataka Infosys Foundation School 10. Digital inclusion for democratising access to library resources Bengaluru, Karnataka Infosys Foundation at National Law School of India University Theme 2: Healthcare Impact: Enhanced healthcare infrastructure and access, particularly benefiting vulnerable populations, by equipping hospitals with advanced medical technology. Sl. No. CSR Project under Assessment Project Location Implementation Partner 1. Provision of diagnostic and medical care equipment to Rajiv Chennai, Tamil Nadu Infosys Foundation Gandhi Government General Hospital, Chennai (RGGGH) 2. Cath lab and vascular access center Bengaluru, Karnataka Infosys Foundation 3. Contribution to Yashwantrao Chavan Memorial Hospital Pimpri-Chinchwad, Pune, Infosys Foundation (YCMH) for Modular Operation Theatre Maharashtra 4. The Lancet Citizens’ Commission on Reimagining India’s Vellore, Tamil Nadu Self implementation Health System 5. Free dialysis care for women patients Bengaluru, Karnataka Infosys Foundation 6. 20-bed ICU facility at Telangana State Road Transport Hyderabad, Telangana Infosys Foundation Corporation (TSRTC) Hospital 7. Advancing healthcare access at KEM Hospital, Pune Pune, Maharashtra Infosys Foundation Theme 3: Sustainability Impact: Improved cook stove projects reported reduction in waste generation, cooking time, indoor air pollution and associated health hazards. Women have been empowered through engagement in social activities within their community. Additionally, efforts to restore historic water systems have improved water management, preserved cultural heritage, and enhanced groundwater recharge, ensuring reliable water access. Sl. No. CSR Project under Assessment Project Location Implementation Partner 1. Improved woodstoves in Udaipur – helping women and Udaipur, Rajasthan Self implementation environment 2. Improved woodstoves in Maharashtra – helping women and Solapur, Latur, Osmanabad, Self implementation environment Maharashtra 3. Restoration of historic stepwells and traditional water systems Hyderabad, Telangana Infosys Foundation at Rashtrapati Nilayam, Hyderabad Theme 4: Women empowerment Impact: Improving healthcare accessibility and easing financial burdens for underserved populations. These projects have increased female enrollment and improved facilities, while support for military families has provided essential financial and emotional aid to them. Skill development among women has also addressed employment disparities, fostering growth and sustainable development. Sl. No. CSR Project under Assessment Project Location Implementation Partner 1. Infant and Maternity Hospital, Kanakapura Ramanagara, Karnataka Infosys Foundation 2. Construction of a girls’ hostel facility for the Indian Tiruchirappalli, Tamil Nadu Infosys Foundation Institute of Information Technology (IIIT), Tiruchirappalli 90 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Annexures to the Board's report Sl. No. CSR Project under Assessment Project Location Implementation Partner 3. Rehabilitation and welfare grants for Across India Infosys Foundation veterans and their families 4. Women in Technology program 13 cities in 10 states of India Infosys Foundation Theme 5: Other Themes Impact : To promote the societal upliftment and environmental sustainability. Social Innovation Awards have recognized technology- based solutions in areas such as women empowerment, healthcare and education to empower marginalized communities. Additionally, the development of advanced animal enclosures has supported wildlife conservation and increased public engagement. Sl. No. CSR Project under Assessment Project Location Implementation Partner 1. Aarohan Social Innovation Awards Pan India Infosys Foundation 2. Construction of a gorilla enclosure at Sri Chamarajendra Mysuru, Karnataka Infosys Foundation Zoological Gardens, Mysuru Detailed impact assessment reports can be accessed at csr-impact-assessment-reports2024-25.pdf. 5. (a) Average net profit of the Company as per sub-section (5) of Section 135: ₹26,992.44 crore (b) Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per sub-section (5) of Section 135: ₹539.85 crore (c) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programs or activities of the previous financial years: ₹2.56 crore* (d) Amount required to be set-off for the financial year, if any: Nil (e) Total CSR obligation for the financial year [(b)+(c)-(d)]: ₹542.41 crore * The surplus relates to fiscal 2025. 6. (a) Amount spent on CSR projects (both ongoing project and other than ongoing project): ₹518.95 crore (b) Amount spent in administrative overheads: ₹6.47 crore (c) Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable: ₹0.84 crore (d) Total amount spent for the financial year [(a)+(b)+(c)]: ₹526.26 crore (e) CSR amount spent or unspent for the financial year: Amount unspent (In ₹ crore) Total amount spent Total amount transferred to unspent CSR Amount transferred to any fund specified under Schedule for the financial year account as per sub-section (6) of Section 135 VII as per second proviso to sub-section (5) of Section 135 (In ₹ crore) Amount (In ₹ crore) Date of transfer Name of the fund Amount Date of transfer 526.26* 16.15 28.04.2025 NA NA NA Note: `2.56 * Includes surplus of crore generated and spent during the year. (f) Excess amount for set-off, if any: Sl. No. Particulars Amount (In ₹ crore) (i) Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per sub-section (5) of Section 135 539.85 year(1) (ii) Total amount spent for the financial 523.70 (iii) Excess amount spent for the financial year [(ii)-(i)] Nil any(2) (iv) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programs or activities of the previous financial years, if 2.56 (v) Amount available for set off in succeeding financial years [(iii)-(iv)] Nil (1) Excludes surplus relating to fiscal 2025 (2) The surplus relates to fiscal 2025 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 91 7. Details of Unspent Corporate Social Responsibility amount for the preceding three financial years: (In ₹ crore) Sl. Preceding Amount Amount Amount transferred to a Balance amount Amount Deficiency, No. financial spent in the transferred to fund as specified under in unspent CSR remaining to if any year(s) financial unspent CSR Schedule VII as per second account under be spent in year account under proviso to sub-section (5) of sub-section (6) succeeding (1) sub-section (6) of Section 135, if any of Section 135 financial years Section 135 Amount Date of transfer 1 Fiscal 2022 51.79 0.20 0.20 Nil NA Nil NA 2 Fiscal 2023 45.33 6.64 6.55 Nil NA 0.08 NA 3 Fiscal 2024 39.54 39.54 39.51 Nil NA 0.03 NA Note: (1) Unspent balance as on April 1, 2024 8. Details of capital assets created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount spent during the financial year: Yes No If Yes, enter the number of Capital assets created / acquired: 32 Furnish the details relating to such asset(s) so created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount spent in the financial year: Date of Amount Pin code Sl. Short particulars of the Details of entity / Authority / beneficiary of the creation of CSR of the No. property or asset(s) [including registered owner amount property complete address and location CSR Registration Name Registered address spent(1) or asset(s) of the property] Number, if (in ₹ crore) applicable 23.10(2) 110070 Jan 17, 2025 1. Equipment for an advanced Farm house 2, CSR00000712 International chemical biology lab setup Green Avenue Lane, Foundation Address: International d - 3,Vasant Kunj, for Research Foundation for Research and New Delhi - 110070 and Education Education (Ashoka University), (Ashoka farm house 2, Green Avenue University) Lane, d - 3, Vasant Kunj, New Delhi - 110070 11.75(2) 600003 Mar 26, 2025 2. Providing medical equipment NA Madras Medical Poonamallee High Address: Madras Medical College Road, Park Town, Collegex, Poonamallee High Chennai - 6000003 Road, Park Town, Chennai - 6000003 6.27(2) AIIMS Ansari Nagar, NA All India 3. Medical equipment and 110029 Mar 27, 2025 New Delhi - 110029 Institute software support for Mother and of Medical Child Block Sciences Address: AIIMS Ansari Nagar, (AIIMS) New Delhi - 110029 587101 Jun 19, 2024 3.84 NA Various Bagalakote, 4. Biogas units for smoke-free Karnataka kitchens to various beneficiaries beneficiaries Address: Bagalakote, Karnataka (Individual households) 2.13(2) CSR00006101 Ramakrishna P.O. Belur Math, 5. Construction of STEM labs at 60 711202 Mar 21, 2025 Mission Dist. Howrah West schools across India Bengal - 711 202 Address: Ramakrishna Mission, PO Belur Math, Howrah, West Bengal - 711202 92 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Annexures to the Board's report Sl. Short particulars of the Pin code Details of entity / Authority / beneficiary of the Date of Amount No. property or asset(s) [including of the registered owner creation of CSR complete address and location property amount CSR Registration Name Registered address spent(1) of the property] or asset(s) Number, if (in ₹ crore) applicable 1.48(2) 6. Construction of 200 houses for 571201 Feb 19, 2025 NA Office of The Deputy the flood affected families at Additional Commissioner, Kodagu Deputy Office of Address: The Deputy Commissioner Additional Deputy Commissioner, Office (Rehabilitation) Commissioner of Additional Deputy (Rehabilitation), Commissioner( Rehabilitation), District Officers District Officers Complex, Complex, Madikeri, Madikeri, Kodagu - 571201 Kodagu - 571201 Note : The above table includes assets which have been completed in fiscal 2025. Amount spent in fiscal 2025 and does not indicate the complete value of the asset. (1) `1 The details of CSR projects less than crore will be made available on the website, at https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/documents/csr-capital-assets2024-25.pdf (2) Amount spent in previous fiscal years: `3.90 crore (i) Equipment for an advanced chemical biology lab setup: `19.31 crore (ii) Providing medical equipment: `70.20 crore (iii) Medical equipment and software support for Mother and Child Block: `24.82 crore (iv) Construction of STEM labs at 60 schools across India: `30.09 crore (v) Construction of 200 houses for the flood affected families at Kodagu: 9. Specify the reason(s), if the Company has failed to spend two per cent of the average net profit as per sub-section (5) of Section 135. During fiscal 2025, the Company has spent ₹526.26 crore on various projects including surplus of ₹2.56 crore. The unspent balance of ₹16.15 crore is towards various ongoing projects and will be transferred to the unspent CSR account and spent in accordance with the CSR Rules. Sd/- Sd/- Govind Iyer Salil Parekh Chairman, CSR Committee Chief Executive Officer Bengaluru DIN: 00169343 and Managing Director April 17, 2025 DIN: 01876159 Additional information – Global CSR activities Over and above the requirements of the Companies Act, 2013, Infosys has expanded its CSR footprint globally. The details of the activities of Infosys Foundation USA in fiscal 2025 are provided in the Corporate governance report. The expenditure made towards CSR in Australia, Europe and through Infosys Foundation USA is as follows: Focus area Amount in USD Student education 1,662,664 Teacher training 1,515,161 Advocacy and awareness 1,043,843 Class room aids and technology 179,310 Research and Curriculum 90,000 Operating expenses 273,828 Grand total* 4,764,806 `40 * Equivalent to crore Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 93 Annexure 7 – Conservation of energy, research and development, technology absorption, foreign exchange earnings and outgo. [Particulars pursuant to the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014] Our focused approach on energy efficiency, renewable energy Renewable energy: Infosys has a total installed solar capacity and carbon offset projects over the years resulted in the of 60 MW across campuses including, a 40 MW captive solar Company achieving carbon neutrality for six years in a row plant in Karnataka. Additionally, the Company leverages Power since fiscal 2020, across all emissions. As we continue to remain Purchase Agreements (PPAs) and green tariffs to expand its clean carbon neutral for fiscal 2025, we have started to work towards energy portfolio. Infosys is steadily reducing its dependence climate positivity, aiming to restore more than we consume on fossil fuels and accelerating the shift to a low-carbon future. and to contribute actively to the health of our ecosystems and In fiscal 2025, 77.7% of our electricity in India operations was communities. We are thereby increasing our efforts in the global met through renewables. response to the threat of climate change. Green buildings: All new developments are designed to achieve the highest level of green building certification, with about 29.7 Resource conservation initiatives million square feet of Infosys’ operational space already certified. Resource conservation initiatives at Infosys have been Reinforcing Infosys’ commitment to energy efficiency, resource focused, continuous and imbibed in our operations and new conservation and low-carbon operations. infrastructure development. The introduction of highly efficient Smarter spaces: Infosys is reimagining the future workplace new buildings, major improvements in existing buildings, through its “workplace transformation” initiative, aligning intelligent automation, water management plans, and waste office design with hybrid work models and sustainability goals. treatment and management projects have significantly reduced Next generation offices are digitally connected, ergonomically our environmental impact. designed, and powered by intelligent energy systems that The increased adoption of renewable energy in our operations adapt to real-time usage. Building Management Systems (BMS) has helped avoid emissions significantly, and our high- optimize lighting, ventilation, and cooling to minimize energy impact carbon offset projects have enabled us to offset waste. By promoting flexible working practices and creating unavoidable emissions. energy-efficient, human-centered environments, we are enhancing employee well-being while significantly reducing our Energy: Infosys has demonstrated a strong commitment to operational footprint. energy conservation through a series of initiatives to improve operational efficiency and reduce overall consumption through Water management: Committed to climate-positive goals, the cutting edge building designs, operational optimization and Company ensures zero wastewater discharge, has endorsed the employee engagement. By combining innovative technologies UN CEO Water Mandate, and aims to recharge more water than with operational discipline, we have consistently reduced it consumes by 2030. Our efforts include demand reduction our energy intensity year after year. These efforts underscore measures, wastewater recycling and rainwater harvesting Infosys’ belief that systematic, technology-driven conservation initiatives. We have also implemented lake rejuvenation strategies are crucial to achieving meaningful progress towards projects for larger community impact. Additionally, we are also sustainability goals. In fiscal 2025, while our new buildings were sensitizing our employees on environmental protection and `10.7 designed to new energy efficiency benchmarks, about working with local stakeholders to improve water security to crore was spent on retrofits in some of our older infrastructure to set industry benchmarks while addressing operational and improve operational efficiency. ecological resilience. In an effort to replicate the success of high-efficiency building Waste management: We are aiming for zero waste to landfill design and operations on a larger scale, Infosys launched a while aligning with sustainability goals such as the GRI 306 unique initiative ‘ASSURE’ (Accelerating Sustainable and Super- and Scope 3 emissions standards. Infosys adopts the principles efficient Real Estate) in partnership with the Indian Institute of circular economy to minimize environmental impact. for Human Settlements. ASSURE has a vision of accelerating Key initiatives around segregation, effective treatment and decarbonization in the Indian building sector, by creating management have resulted in achieving over 98% waste lighthouse projects, skilling students and practitioners, advocacy diversion from landfill in fiscal 2025. Three of our campuses have and other activities involving various stakeholders in the achieved TRUE certification for zero waste by the Green Business ecosystem. Our leadership is expected to drive a transformative Certification Institute. shift towards climate-resilient buildings and align urban growth Carbon offset: Infosys addresses unavoidable emissions with India’s broader goals under the Paris Agreement and through community-based carbon offset projects. Projects contribute to a low-carbon future. in the clean cooking space implemented in four states across India have improved livelihoods and helped generate income for rural women. 94 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 legacy on-premises platforms to scalable, faster, and efficient We are also implementing large-scale carbon sequestration hybrid and cloud-based solutions. This supports modern projects through nature-based solutions, including agroforestry management, fosters innovation, improves user experience, and initiatives. These projects go beyond environmental benefits, ensures data security. positively impacting small and marginal farmers by improving soil health, food security, and climate resilience. Energy efficient IT infrastructure Carbon neutral events: Infosys is committed to hosting carbon We have adopted a multi-pronged strategy to make our network neutral events as part of its broader climate action strategy. and computer workload energy-efficient and environment- Infosys ensures that all event-related emissions are carefully friendly. Some of the measures implemented are: measured, minimized, and offset through certified projects. This approach not only reinforces the Company’s pledge toward Energy efficient network infrastructure: InfosysIT uses network climate positivity, but also demonstrates Infosys’ intent to gears with power saving features to enhance energy efficiency. extend our sustainability practices to external-facing events Public cloud adoption: Majority of internal IT applications have as well. In fiscal 2025, eight events organized by Infosys were been moved to public cloud infrastructure. All our employees declared carbon neutral. have been enabled for cloud-based collaboration for messaging, presence, video, and other requirements. In addition, cloud- Health, Safety and Environment based unified internet access and secure private access has Our Health, Safety, and Environmental Management System improved hybrid work experience. (HSEMS) reflects our commitment to creating a safe, healthy, The shift to cloud has helped in optimizing the on-premises data and sustainable workplace for employees, contractors, and center footprint and also to scale up the infra on demand and visitors alike. Aligned with our broader climate and sustainability provision IT services seamlessly for all the new hires inducted goals, Infosys is certified to ISO 14001:2015 for Environmental into the organization. Management and ISO 45001:2018 for Occupational Health and Safety. The HSEMS is built on a strong framework of Data center modernization: A strategic initiative launched by compliance, taking into account the needs of all stakeholders InfosysIT to modernize the data center IT landscape to make it and ensuring adherence to applicable laws across all future-ready continues to yield high rewards. Density-optimized regions where we operate. hyperscale platforms were deployed to enable high-density server virtualization and consolidation across the enterprise. Technology absorption Hyperscale platforms are open-source driven infrastructure innovations that enable cloud-scale agility and efficient Live Enterprise@Infosys: An enterprise that senses, feels resource pooling and utilization. This initiative is delivering and responds in real-time – this has been the theme of our significant power savings and reduce the total cost of ownership transformation journey in the recent years. We have used a for the organization. mobile-first approach so that employees are connected to the organization wherever they are and can access the organization’s InfosysIT has invested on the Data Center Infrastructure resources to learn and contribute. The response has been Management (DCIM) tool to get accurate visibility across the phenomenal as over 2,50,000 unique users use InfyMe mobile entire data centre IT and facility stack, which is the foundation for app every month for its 300+ features and more than 77,000 optimization initiatives. users have rated it 4.6/5 on the Google Play Store. With process Enterprise storage: The internal IT team provides all our delivery bursting, we have seen many of our key processes become units with multi-protocol storage using flash, fabric pool faster and more responsive. Following the overwhelming and storage grid technology, which is a highly efficient and success in Infosys, we are also seeing interest of the Orbit innovative approach to managing storage capacity. This not only platform (InfyMe version for our clients) and have more than saves data center footprint, but also reduces power consumption 12 clients using the same. and cooling requirements, leading to overall operational savings. Modern, hybrid, and secure workplace: Our hybrid workplace Hybrid cloud storage is also used for some workloads with built- uses borderless ODCs, virtual collaboration tools, and self- in data protection and seamless scaling, eliminating the need for service applications to enable employees to work from buffer investments and achieving savings over on-premises data anywhere. Our IT management system protects data and our center space, power consumption and cooling. brand by continuously assessing vulnerabilities. Collaborative Cloud-native development environment: The open source-based tools foster innovation and teamwork. Employees are enabled cloud-native development platform is built on Hyper Converged with AI-powered systems and tools to enhance productivity Infrastructure (HCI) and compute, which has helped reduce data and decision-making, allowing the automation of repetitive center footprint, power and cooling consumption. tasks and improving customer experience. The cloud-first approach has helped in migrating our key security tools from Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 95 Annexures to the Board's report Awards and recognition Award Theme Awarded by CII – Digital Transformation (DX) Award Most Innovative Best Practice Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) – Centre for Digital Transformation (CDT) CIO 100 Awards Technological excellence demonstrated through the IDC and Foundry transformative and innovative projects JamF Business Resiliency Award Modern Management and Security Evangelist Economic Times and JamF FICCI Young Leader Sustainability Leadership in sustainability Federation of Indian Chambers of Champion award Commerce and Industry (FICCI) Research and development (R&D) expenditure – standalone Foreign exchange earnings and outgo ` (In crore) We have built an extensive direct marketing network around the ` (In crore) world, including North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific. These 695 offices are staffed with sales and marketing specialists who sell Revenue expenditure our services to large international clients. 850 Activity in foreign currency – standalone 7 ` (In crore) Capital expenditure 0 1,25,794 Earnings 702 1,33,294 Total 850 72,639 Expenditure 0.54 R&D expenditure / 77,141 revenue (%) 0.62 53,155 Net foreign exchange 2024 2025 earnings (NFE) 56,153 Future plan of action 42.3 We will continue to collaborate with leading national and NFE / earnings (%) international universities, product vendors and technology 42.1 startups. We are creating an ecosystem to co-create business 2024 2025 solutions on client-specific business issues. for and on behalf of the Board of Directors Sd/- Sd/- Nandan M. Nilekani Salil Parekh Chairman Chief Executive Officer Bengaluru DIN: 00041245 and Managing Director April 17, 2025 DIN : 01876159 96 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Annexure 8 – Corporate policies In fo s y s In te g We seek to promote and follow the highest level of ethical standards in all our business transactions guided by our value system. The SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure ra te Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, mandates the formulation of certain policies for all listed companies. The corporate governance policies are available on the d Company’s website, at https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-governance/Pages/policies.aspx. The policies are reviewed periodically by the Board and are updated as A n n needed. During the year and at its meeting held on April 17, 2025, the Board revised and adopted some of the policies. u a l R Key policies that have been adopted are as follows: e p o rt Name of the policy Brief description Web link 2 0 2 Whistleblower Policy The Company has adopted a Whistleblower mechanism to report concerns https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate- 4 -2 (Policy on vigil mechanism) about unethical behavior, actual or suspected fraud, or violation of the governance/documents/whistleblower-policy.pdf 5 Company’s Code of Conduct and Ethics. The policy was revised and adopted effective January 16, 2025. Code of Conduct and Ethics The Company has adopted the Code of Conduct and Ethics, which forms the https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate- foundation of its ethics and compliance program. The policy was revised and governance/documents/codeofconduct.pdf adopted effective July 18, 2024. Corporate Policy The policy applies to the distribution of free cash flow as dividends or buy- https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate- on Capital Allocation back over the next five-year period ending in fiscal 2029. The policy was governance/documents/capital-allocation-policy.pdf revised and adopted effective April 18, 2024. Policy for Dividend Distribution The Company has adopted the Dividend Distribution Policy to determine the https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate- distribution of dividends in accordance with the provisions of applicable laws. governance/documents/dividend-distribution.pdf The policy was revised and adopted effective April 17, 2025. Infosys Code on Fair Disclosures The policy is aimed at providing clear guidelines and procedures for disclos- https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate- and Investor Relations ing material information outside the Company in order to provide accurate, governance/documents/code-fair-disclosures- timely and symmetric communications to our shareholders and the financial investor-relations.pdf markets. The policy was revised and adopted effective April 17, 2025. Policy for Determining The policy applies to disclosures of material events affecting Infosys and https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate- Materiality for Disclosures its subsidiaries. This policy is in addition to the above-mentioned Infosys governance/documents/policy-determining- Code on Fair Disclosures and Investor Relations. The policy was revised and materiality-disclosures.pdf adopted effective April 17, 2025. Compensation Recovery Policy The policy deals with compensation clawback provisions. If the Company https://www.infosys.com/investors/ restates its financial statements, it allows the Company to recover any corporate-governance/documents/ incentive-based compensation received by an executive officer that is compensation-recovery-policy.pdf in excess of what would have been payable based on the restated and corrected financial statements. The policy was revised and adopted effective April 18, 2024. https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate- Nomination The policy formulates the criteria for determining qualifications, governance/documents/nomination- and Remuneration Policy competencies, positive attributes and independence for the appointment of remuneration-policy.pdf a director (executive / non-executive) and also the criteria for determining the remuneration of the directors, KMP, senior management and other employees. The policy was revised and adopted effective April 18, 2024. 9 7 9 8 Name of the policy Brief description Web link Corporate Social The policy outlines the Company’s strategy to bring about a positive impact https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate- Responsibility Policy on society through programs relating to hunger, poverty, education, governance/documents/corporate-social- responsibility-policy.pdf healthcare, environment, and lowering of the Company’s resource footprint. The policy was revised and adopted effective April 17, 2025. Policy for Determining The policy is used to determine the material subsidiaries and material unlisted https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate- Material Subsidiaries Indian subsidiaries of the Company and to provide governance framework for governance/documents/material-subsidiaries-policy.pdf them. The policy was revised and adopted effective April 17, 2025. Related Party The policy regulates all related party transactions of the Group. The policy https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate- Transactions Policy was revised and adopted effective April 17, 2025. governance/documents/related-party- transaction-policy.pdf Document Preservation The policy deals with the retention and archival of corporate records of https://www.infosys.com/investors/ & Archival Policy Infosys Limited. The policy was revised and adopted effective April 18, 2024. corporate-governance/documents/document- retention-archival-policy.pdf Board Diversity Policy The policy sets out the approach to diversity within the Board of the https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate- Company. The policy was revised and adopted effective April 18, 2024. governance/documents/board-diversity-policy.pdf The policy is to institutionalize a formal risk management function and Enterprise Risk https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate- Management Policy framework in the Company. This policy is drafted in accordance with the governance/documents/enterprise-risk- guidelines provided under the Charter of the Risk Management Committee management-policy.pdf of the Board of Directors, and pursuant to Regulation 21 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended. The policy was revised and adopted effective April 18, 2024. In fo s y s In te g ra te d A n n u a l R e p o rt 2 0 2 4 -2 5 Statutory reports Management’s discussion and analysis Overview the challenge of having to reinvent their processes and systems rapidly in the AI era. This needs an understanding of new Infosys is a leading provider of consulting, technology, technologies and new ways of working, and also appreciation outsourcing and next-generation digital services, enabling of AI landscapes, business processes and practices. Our strategy clients to create and execute strategies for their digital is to be a navigator for our clients as they ideate, plan and transformation and AI journey. execute on their journey to an AI future by building strong data foundations with robust cloud capabilities. We are progressing Our purpose is to amplify human potential and create the next well on our journey to leverage AI to deliver business value with opportunity for people, business and communities. We are safeguards around privacy, ethics, and controls. guided by our value system which motivates our attitudes and actions. Our core values are Client value, Leadership by example, Our strengths Integrity and transparency, Fairness, and Excellence (C-LIFE). We believe that we are well-positioned for the principal Our strategic objective is to build a sustainable organization competitive factors in our business. With more than four decades that remains relevant to the agenda of our clients, while of experience in managing the systems and workings of global creating growth opportunities for our employees, generating enterprises, we believe we are uniquely positioned to help profitable growth for our investors and contributing to the them steer through their AI transformation as we have built our communities that we operate in. There are numerous risks and own AI-first strategy and continue to invest in strengthening challenges affecting our business. These are discussed in the Risk our AI capabilities. management report section of the Integrated Annual Report. Our competition I. Industry structure and developments We see intense competition in traditional services, a rapidly changing marketplace and the emergence of new players in Fiscal 2025 saw uncertainties related to interest rates, geopolitical niche technology areas. We have invested in building proprietary conditions and elections across major economies compounding intellectual property in software platforms and products. We the ongoing transformation within the Tech services industry. have continued to invest in Infosys Cobalt – a set of services, The year has been another year of major uncertainties in the solutions and platforms for enterprises to accelerate their cloud economy, some geopolitical flux, and novel concerns around journey, Infosys Topaz – a set of AI-first services, solutions and protectionism led disruption of global balances. The high platforms using generative AI technology and Infosys Aster – an inflation and interest rates are driving down discretionary AI-amplified Marketing Suite. spending. The year has been a year of subdued growth, pockets of economic green shoots that have kept technology-led growth III. Financial condition active. AI, has unified perspectives of the industry as well as government across geographies and sectors alike. Refer to the Standalone and Consolidated financial statements in 2024(1), Global GDP is estimated to have grown at 3.2% in CY this Integrated Annual Report for detailed schedules and notes. down 10bps compared to the previous year. The IT services 4.7%(2). growth during the same period has remained flat at We 1. Equity share capital expect client spending and investments to continue to move We have one class of shares – equity shares of par value ₹5 each. towards AI in the near term. These investments are expected to During the year, the movement in share capital was on account of be crucial during this period of economic uncertainty. shares issued on exercise of stock options. The dynamism in technologies continues and the industry is feeling the pressure to build AI strategies and stay ahead. We saw 2. Other equity AI starting to reshape the industry in fiscal 2025. We continued The movement in retained earnings was on account of profit to witness businesses attempting to reimagine their cost earned during the year and payment of dividends. The increase structures, increase business resilience and agility, personalize in securities premium is on account of the exercise of stock experiences for customers and employees, and launch new and options. The Group has made an irrevocable election to present disruptive products and services, aided by enterprise AI. With our the subsequent changes in fair value of certain instruments in leadership position in AI, we believe we are well-positioned to other comprehensive income. take advantage of these market opportunities. The Special Economic Zone Re-investment Reserve has been For more information, refer to Our business context section of the created out of the profit of the eligible SEZ unit in terms of the Integrated Annual Report. provisions of Sec 10AA(1)(ii) of Income-tax Act,1961. The reserve should be utilized by the Company for acquiring new plant (1) NASSCOM Annual Strategic review, 2025 and machinery for the purpose of its business in terms of the (2) IDC – Technology Spend Forecast provisions of the Sec 10AA (2) of the Income-tax Act, 1961. II. Opportunities and threats 3. Property, plant and equipment Our strategy Additions to gross block were mainly on computer equipment Our clients and prospective clients are faced with transformative and infrastructure. business opportunities due to advances in software and computing technology. These organizations are dealing with Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 99 Management’s discussion and analysis 4. Goodwill and other intangible assets credit rating agencies which can be withdrawn at any point of time without prior notice or penalty on principal. Ratings are On a consolidated basis, the carrying value of goodwill as monitored periodically. on March 31, 2025 is ₹10,106 crore. During the previous year, the carrying value of goodwill was ₹7,303 crore. During the D. Loans year goodwill arising on acquisition of InSemi Technology We provide loans to subsidiaries as per business requirement. Services Private Limited and in-tech Holding GmbH amounted to ₹2,593 crore. E. Other financial assets On a consolidated basis, the carrying value of intangible assets Restricted deposits represent amounts deposited with as on March 31, 2025 is ₹2,766 crore, whereas on March 31, financial institutions to settle employee-related obligations 2024, it was ₹1,397 crore. During the year ended March 31, as and when they arise during the normal course of business. 2025, gross intangibles amounting to ₹1,940 crore comprising Unbilled revenues are classified as financial assets as right to mainly of customer-related intangibles were added on account consideration is unconditional and is due only after passage of acquisitions. Refer to Note 2.4.2 of the Consolidated financial of time. Foreign currency forward and options contracts are statements for further details. entered into to mitigate the risk of changes in exchange rates on foreign currency exposures. The counterparty for these contracts 5. Financial assets is generally a bank. A. Investments On a standalone basis, during the year, we invested additionally 6. Other assets in our subsidiaries, for the purpose of acquisition of entities, Unbilled revenues are classified as non-financial asset where operations and expansions. the right to consideration is dependent on completion of contractual milestones. Withholding taxes and others represent Refer to Annexure 1 to the Board’s report for the statement credits that can be availed against local taxes payable in pursuant to Section 129(3) of the Companies Act, 2013, for various countries. Deferred contract cost mainly comprises the summary of the financial performance of our subsidiaries. the cost of obtaining a contract and the cost of fulfilling a The audited financial statements and related information of contract recorded in accordance with Ind AS 115, Revenue from subsidiaries will be available on our website, at www.infosys.com. Contracts with Customers. We invest in the startup ecosystem to gain access to innovations that, when combined with our services and solutions, can benefit 7. Deferred tax assets / liabilities our clients. These investments are typically minority equity Net deferred tax liability comprises of deferred tax liabilities positions in startup companies and / or venture capital funds. less deferred tax assets. Deferred tax liability is primarily on Our investments comprise liquid mutual funds units, target account of temporary difference in the Special Economic Zone maturity fund units, tax-free bonds, non-convertible debentures, Re-investment Reserve, intangibles from business combination, certificates of deposit, commercial paper, government securities interest receivable on income tax refund for orders received (G-secs) and quoted bonds and securities issued by government partially offset by deferred tax asset on property, plant and and quasi-government organizations. Certificates of deposit equipment, lease liabilities, allowances for trade receivables and and commercial papers represent marketable securities of compensated absences. banks, NBFCs and eligible financial institutions for a specified time period with high credit rating by domestic credit rating 8. Income tax assets / liabilities agencies. G-secs are highly liquid and marketable instruments Our net profit earned from providing software development issued across tenure, backed by the Government of India and other services outside India is subject to tax in the country and carrying a sovereign credit. Investments made in non- where we perform the work. Most of our taxes paid in countries convertible debentures represent debt instruments issued by other than India can be claimed as credit against our tax government-aided institutions and financial institutions with liabilities in India. high credit rating. The majority of investments of the Company are fair valued based on Level 1 or Level 2 inputs. The Company 9. Financial liabilities invests after considering counterparty risks based on multiple criteria, including Tier-I capital, capital adequacy ratio, credit Liabilities for accrued compensation to employees include rating, profitability, Non-performing assets (NPA) levels and the provision for bonus, accrued salaries, incentives and deposit base of banks and financial institutions. These risks are retention bonus payable to the staff. Financial liability under monitored regularly as part of our risk management program. option arrangements represents redemption liability towards acquisitions to purchase the corresponding minority stake. B. Trade receivables Accrued expenses represent amounts accrued for other operational expenses. Compensated absences are both Days Sales Outstanding (DSO) was 69 days for the year ended accumulating and non-accumulating in nature. The expected March 31, 2025, compared to 71 days in the previous year. cost of accumulating compensated absences is determined by actuarial valuation. Other financial liability includes financing C. Cash and cash equivalents arrangements entered into by the Company with a third party Our cash and cash equivalents comprise deposits with banks towards deferred contract cost assets. with high credit ratings assigned by international and domestic 100 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 based on the respective employee’s salary and the tenure of 10. Other liabilities employment. The plans provide for periodic payouts after Withholding and other taxes payable represent local taxes retirement and / or a lump-sum payment as set out in rules of payable in various countries in which we operate. Invoicing each fund and includes death and disability benefits. in excess of revenues are classified as unearned revenues. We provide for provident fund to eligible employees of Infosys, 11. Provisions which is a defined benefit plan as the Company has an obligation to make good the shortfall, if any, between the return from Provision for post-sales client support is towards likely cost for the investments of the trust and the notified interest rate. The providing client support to fixed-price and fixed-timeframe Company operates the defined benefit pension plan in certain contracts. Other provisions include approximately ₹150 crore overseas jurisdictions, in accordance with local laws. These plans towards settlement of class action suits against McCamish. are managed by third-party fund managers. We provide for gratuity, a defined benefit retirement plan (“the Gratuity Plan”), 12. Leases covering eligible employees in India. The Gratuity Plan provides Additions mainly comprise lease of computers and buildings a lump-sum payment to vested employees at retirement, death, taken on lease in certain locations outside India. incapacitation, or termination of employment, of an amount IV. Results of our operations For details about results of our operations, refer to 'Results of our operations and state of affairs' section in the Board's report. During fiscal 2025, the Company continued running Project Maximus, a comprehensive margin expansion program structured across five pillars – Value-Based Selling; Efficient Pyramid; Lean and Automation; Improving Critical Portfolios, and Reducing Indirect Costs. Value-Based Selling is a focused strategy to identify opportunities to align pricing to the value that clients received for the services. Lean and Automation is a strategic initiative to combine productivity and process improvement using automation technologies including generative AI to enhance efficiency. 1. Revenue The growth in our revenues in fiscal 2025 from fiscal 2024 is as follows: (In ₹ crore) Particulars Standalone Consolidated 2025 2024 % change 2025 2024 % change Revenue 1,36,592 1,28,933 5.9 1,62,990 1,53,670 6.1 2. Expenditure The increase in revenue was primarily attributable to an increase in realization on account of Value-Based Selling, productivity Cost of sales benefit from Lean and Automation, currency, acquisition and The cost of sales have decreased as a percentage of revenue by revenue mix partially offset by decline in volume. 0.2% on standalone basis and by 0.4% on consolidated basis Revenue growth in reported terms includes the impact of in fiscal 2025 over fiscal 2024. The cost of efforts, comprising currency fluctuations. We, therefore, additionally report the employee cost and cost of technical sub-contractors, has revenue growth in constant currency terms, which represents decreased as a percentage of revenue from 60.2% in fiscal 2024 the real growth in revenue, excluding the impact of currency to 58.8% in fiscal 2025 on a standalone basis, and from 56.4% in fluctuations. We calculate constant currency growth by fiscal 2024 to 55.4% in fiscal 2025 on a consolidated basis. comparing current-period revenues in respective local currencies The cost of efforts as a percentage of revenue has decreased converted to USD using prior-period exchange rates and mainly on account of improved onsite mix, utilization and comparing the same to our prior-period reported revenues. Our increase in third-party costs. revenues in reported currency terms for fiscal 2025 is ₹1,62,990 Third-party items bought for service delivery to clients include crore, a growth of 6.1%. Our revenues for fiscal 2025 in constant software and hardware, which are integral to our overall service currency grew by 4.2%. delivery to clients. We added 365 new customers (gross) during fiscal 2025 as compared to 385 new customers (gross) during fiscal 2024. Selling and marketing expenses The selling and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenue On a consolidated basis, for the year ended March 31, 2025, on standalone basis and consolidated basis have increased by approximately 96.9% were export revenues whereas 3.1% were 0.2% in fiscal 2025 over fiscal 2024. domestic revenues, while for the year ended March 31, 2024, 97.5% were export revenues whereas 2.5% were domestic revenues. Refer to the ‘Segmental profitability’ section in this report for more details on the analysis of segment revenues. Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 101 Management’s discussion and analysis General and administration expenses Our effective tax rate in fiscal 2024 was lower primarily on account of reversal of tax provision due to receipt of order The general and administration expenses as a percentage of giving effects in fiscal 2024 for prior assessment years. Effective revenue on standalone and consolidated basis have decreased tax rate is generally influenced by various factors including by 0.3% and 0.2% respectively in fiscal 2025 over fiscal 2024. non-deductible expenses, exempt non-operating income, Contribution towards Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) on overseas taxes, tax reversals and provisions pertaining to prior standalone basis is ₹540 crore and ₹492 crore for fiscal 2025 and periods, changes to tax regulations and other tax deductions. 2024, respectively. On consolidated basis is ₹585 crore and ₹533 Tax reversals and provisions pertaining to prior periods are crore for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively. primarily on account of adjudication of certain disputed matters, upon filing of tax return and completion of assessments, across 3. Other income and finance cost various jurisdictions. Other income primarily includes income from investments, gain During the year ended March 31, 2025, the Company received / loss on investments, foreign exchange gain / loss on forward orders under Section 250 of the Income-tax Act, 1961, from the and options contracts, foreign exchange gain / loss on translation Income Tax Authorities in India for the assessment years, 2016-17 of other assets and liabilities and interest on income tax refund. and 2019-20. These orders confirmed the Company's position Other income for fiscal 2025 includes interest (pre-tax) on income with respect to tax treatment of certain contentious matters. As a tax refund of ₹327 crore on account of orders received under result interest income (pre-tax) of ₹327 crore was recognised and Sections 250 of the Income-tax Act, 1961, from the income tax provision for income tax aggregating ₹183 crore was reversed authorities in India for certain assessment years. Other income with a corresponding credit to the Statement of Profit and Loss. for fiscal 2024 includes interest (pre-tax) on income tax refund Also, upon resolution of the disputes, an amount aggregating to of ₹1,933 crore on account of orders received under Sections ₹1,068 crore has been reduced from contingent liabilities. 250 and 254 of the Income-tax Act, 1961, from the income tax authorities in India for certain assessment years. In fiscal 2025, the During the year ended March 31, 2024, the Company received Company received ₹1,522 crore of dividend from our subsidiaries, orders under Sections 250 and 254 of the Income-tax Act, 1961, which is reflected in the Standalone financial statement. from the Income Tax Authorities in India for the assessment years, 2007-08 to 2015-16, 2017-18 and 2018-19. These orders Interest income in fiscal 2025 has increased as compared to fiscal confirmed the Company's position with respect to tax treatment 2024 primarily due to increase in investible base and increase of certain contentious matters. As a result interest income in yield on investments. We use foreign exchange forward and (pretax) of ₹1,933 crore was recognised and provision for income options contracts to hedge our exposure against movements in tax aggregating ₹525 crore was reversed with a corresponding foreign exchange rates. Finance cost is on account of leases. The credit to the Statement of Profit and Loss. Also, upon resolution lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in of the disputes, an amount aggregating to ₹1,628 crore has been the lease or, if not readily determinable, using the incremental reduced from contingent liabilities. borrowing rates in the country of domicile of these leases. 5. Segmental profitability 4. Provision for tax The Company’s operations predominantly relate to providing We have provided for our tax liability both in India and overseas. end-to-end business solutions to enable clients to enhance The Taxation Laws (Amendment) Act, 2019 has introduced performance of their business. Business segments of the Section 115BAA wherein a domestic company can exercise Company are primarily enterprises in Financial Services option for a reduced rate of corporate tax without claim of and Insurance; Manufacturing; Retail, Consumer Packaged certain deductions mentioned therein including deduction for Goods and Logistics; Energy, Utilities, Resources and Services; SEZ units under Section 10AA of the Income-tax Act, 1961. For Communication, Telecom OEM and Media; Hi-Tech; Life Sciences the fiscal 2025, the income tax expense of the Company has been and Healthcare; and all other segments. All other segments recognized by applying the provision of Section 115BAA of the represent the operating segments of businesses in India, Income-tax Act without claim of deduction for SEZ units under Japan, China, Infosys Public Services and other enterprises in Section 10AA of the Income-tax Act. public services. This is discussed in detail in Note 2.26 to the Consolidated financial statement in this Integrated Annual Report. Particulars Standalone Consolidated 2025 2024 2025 2024 Income tax expense (in ₹ crore) 9,873 8,719 10,858 9,740 Effective tax rate (in %) 27.9 24.3 28.9 27.1 102 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Business segments – Consolidated (In ₹ crore) Particulars Financial Retail Communication Energy, Utilities, Manufacturing Hi-Tech Life All other Total Services Resources and Sciences segments Services Segmental revenues 2025 45,175 22,059 19,108 21,710 25,207 13,090 11,831 4,810 1,62,990 2024 42,158 22,504 17,991 20,035 22,298 12,411 11,515 4,758 1,53,670 Growth (%) 7.2 (2.0) 6.2 8.4 13.0 5.5 2.7 1.1 6.1 Segmental operating income 2025 11,099 7,133 3,341 6,097 4,856 3,220 2,663 827 39,236 2024 9,324 6,882 3,688 5,523 4,197 3,153 2,898 760 36,425 Growth (%) 19.0 3.6 (9.4) 10.4 15.7 2.1 (8.1) 8.8 7.7 Segmental operating margin (%) 2025 24.6 32.3 17.5 28.1 19.3 24.6 22.5 17.2 24.1 2024 22.1 30.6 20.5 27.6 18.8 25.4 25.2 16.0 23.7 The following graph sets forth our revenue by geography: Our growth has been financed largely through cash generated from operations. (In ₹ crore) Our cash flows are robust. Our operating cash flows have 2025 2024 increased in fiscal 2025 as compared to fiscal 2024 mainly on account of increase in net profit adjusted for non-cash items, better working capital management partially and by lower net 94,397 (57.9%) 92,411 (60.1%) income tax payments due to higher tax refunds. 14,984 (9.2%) 15,111 (9.8%) Total Total Consolidated cash and investments of ₹47,549 crore (3.1%) (2.5%) 3,881 5,014 1,53,670 1,62,990 comprise cash and cash equivalents, current and non- (29.8%) (27.6%) 42,267 48,595 current investments excluding investments in equity and preference shares and others. % growth - 2025 Capital Allocation Policy Refer to the Board’s report in this Integrated Annual Report Europe – 15.0% North America – 2.1% for details on our Capital Allocation Policy, reviewed and Rest of the World – (0.8%) India – 29.2% approved on April 18, 2024. Total growth 6.1% 7. Related party transactions These have been discussed in detail in Note 2.24 to the Overall segment profitability has increased primarily on account Standalone financial statements in this Integrated Annual Report. of an increase in foreign currency translation benefits, benefit from Project Maximus arising from Value-Based Selling, and 8. Events occurring after Balance Sheet date Lean and Automation, improved utilization, and an insurance There were no significant events that occurred after the Balance claim receivable relating to a cyber event pertaining to fiscal Sheet date apart from the ones mentioned in ‘Material changes 2024, partially offset by higher employee compensation, higher and commitments affecting financial position between the end cost of third-party items bought for service delivery to clients of the fiscal and date of the report’ in the Board’s report in this and acquisition impact. Integrated Annual Report. 6. Liquidity 9. Key financial ratios Our principal source of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents In accordance with the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure and cash flow that we generate from operations. We have no Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Company is required to outstanding borrowings. We believe our working capital is give details of significant changes (change of 25% or more as sufficient for our requirements. compared to the immediately previous financial year) in key sector-specific financial ratios. Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 103 Management’s discussion and analysis Ratios where there has been a significant change from fiscal The Company has identified the following ratios as 2024 to fiscal 2025 key financial ratios: Revenue growth for fiscal 2025 has gone up as compared to Particulars Standalone Consolidated revenue growth for fiscal 2024 and segment-level details have been explained in the relevant section above. 2025 2024 2025 2024 Market capitalization to V. Outlook, risks and concerns revenues (times) NA NA 4.0 4.0 Price / Earnings (times) NA NA 24.4 23.6 We have adopted an integrated ERM framework that is Days Sales Outstanding implemented across the organization by the risk management (DSO)(1) – – 69 71 office. Our ERM framework is developed by incorporating the best practices based on COSO and ISO 31000 and then tailored to investment(2) Cash and as a suit our unique business requirements. % of total assets 28.7 26.6 31.9 28.3 Revenue growth (%) 5.9 4.0 6.1 4.7 We have provided the details of Infosys ERM framework, key and emerging risks along with mitigation in the Risk management Operating margin (%) 22.6 22.3 21.1 20.7 report of this Integrated Annual Report. The list of risk factors Net profit margin (%) 18.7 21.1 16.4 17.1 which we track for our business are covered in our 20-F filing Current ratio (times) 2.4 2.6 2.3 2.3 available at https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/ annual-report/annual-reports.html. (times)(3) Debt equity ratio 0.0 0.0 0.1 0.1 Debtors turnover (times) 5.3 5.6 5.3 5.5 VI. Internal financial control systems and their Interest coverage ratio adequacy (times)(4) 161.4 130.8 91.4 77.6 (₹)(5) 61.58 65.62 64.50 63.39 Basic EPS Infosys has aligned its current systems of internal financial control with the requirement of Companies Act, 2013, based on (1) The Company does not track DSO at a standalone level. criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2) Includes cash and cash equivalents and investments, excluding (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations investments in equity, preference shares and others of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Internal Control – (3) Debt represents only lease liabilities. Integrated Framework (the 2013 framework) is intended to (4) Primarily lease interest increase transparency and accountability in an organization’s (5) Includes a positive impact on the Basic and Diluted EPS is ₹1.03 on process of designing and implementing a system of internal account of orders received under Sections 250 of the Income-tax Act, control. The framework requires a company to identify and 1961, from the Income Tax authorities in India for certain assessment years analyze risks and manage appropriate responses. on consolidated and standalone basis, respectively, for the year ended March 31, 2025 Internal financial control systems include the design, Includes a positive impact on the Basic and Diluted EPS is ₹4.76 and implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial ₹4.75 on account of orders received under Sections 250 and 254 of the controls that are operating effectively for ensuring the orderly Income-tax Act, 1961, from the Income Tax Authorities in India for certain and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to the assessment years on consolidated and standalone basis, respectively, for the year ended March 31, 2024 (Refer to Note 2.17 of the Standalone Company’s policies, safeguarding of its assets, prevention and and Consolidated financial statements included in this Integrated Annual detection of frauds and errors, accuracy and completeness of Report for further details.) the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable Return on net worth financial information, as required under the Act. The details of return on net worth at standalone and In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and consolidated levels are as follows: procedures, the Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can only provide reasonable assurance that the objectives Particulars Standalone Consolidated of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Based on 2025 2024 2025 2024 their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this Return on net worth Integrated Annual Report, our CEO and CFO have concluded (%) 30.3 36.6 29.0 32.1 that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information required Return on net worth is computed as net profit by average net to be disclosed in filings and submissions, is recorded, worth. Net profit increased from ₹26,233 crore to ₹26,713 crore processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods on a consolidated basis and decreased from ₹27,234 crore specified, and that material information related to us and our to ₹25,568 crore on a standalone basis. Average net worth consolidated subsidiaries is accumulated and communicated to has increased in line with the net profit increase adjusted for management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief dividends and buyback. Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions about required disclosure. 104 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP, the statutory auditors of Infosys comprising resolution hubs. Resolution hubs adhere to the Limited, has audited the financial statements included in principles of natural justice, confidentiality, sensitivity, non- this Integrated Annual Report, and as part of their audit, has retaliation and fairness, while addressing concerns. The concerns issued their report on the Company’s internal financial controls are handled objectively while ensuring timely action and closure. (as defined in Section 143 of Companies Act, 2013), on the In matters that entail a detailed investigation, the process effectiveness of our internal financial controls over Standalone ensures fairness for all involved, with an opportunity to be heard, and Consolidated financial statements as at March 31, 2025. present facts and any material evidence before a neutral panel. Infosys Limited has appointed Ernst & Young LLP to oversee HEAR and carry out internal audit of its activities. The audit is based Infosys has a robust grievance redressal forum called HEAR on an internal audit plan, which is reviewed each year in (Hearing Employees And Resolving) fostering healthy employee consultation with the statutory auditors and approved by relations and a positive work environment by giving our the Audit Committee. employees a neutral platform ‘to be heard’ and building the The CEO and CFO certification provided in the CEO and CFO culture of ‘speak up’. Employees can raise a complaint on the Certification section of the Integrated Annual Report discusses HEAR webapp or InfyMe mobile application or write to HEAR@ the adequacy of our internal control systems and procedures. infosys.com. HEAR adopts a decentralized model and addresses employee concerns in a structured manner with appellate forums VII. Material developments in human resources / for workplace grievances that have not been duly heard at the preliminary level by the Managers (or) line HR. industrial relations, including number of people employed ASHI The Company’s assurance to its employees of providing a Our culture and reputation as a leader in consulting, technology, harassment-free workplace is reflected in our key initiative, ASHI outsourcing and next-generation digital services enable us to (Anti-Sexual Harassment Initiative). As per the Prevention of attract and retain some of the best talent. Sexual Harassment Act in India, the Company has constituted Internal Committees (IC) in all the development centers with Human resources management the ambit of the regulatory jurisdiction, for redressal of sexual Infosys is a people company that understands the immense harassment matters reported by women employees. We also potential of technology and strives to create a world-class have a strong governance mechanism in the form of GRB employee experience. The Company has implemented various (Grievance Redressal Body) to define, interpret and implement initiatives to inspire and enable its employees to find purpose the Company’s policy on prevention of sexual harassment at and make an indelible impact through meaningful work and the workplace. GRB consists of external members, internal passionate teams, ensure that they continuously learn and senior members, and the Investigative Council. Here, we follow grow in their careers and shape the collective future, and create a gender-neutral approach in redressal of all such complaints. opportunities for every employee to navigate further, powered Complaints are taken up for a formal redressal process in line by the culture and values of Infosys. with the POSH Act and the Company’s policy on anti-harassment as applicable. The reports on ASHI grievances can be shared to This is true at each stage of career for our employees. A strong GRB@infosys.com and employees can also report complaints on focus on leadership development has ensured that we have a the ASHI webapp or InfyMe mobile application. robust leadership bench at all times, encouraging leaders from within the Company to move up and take on new challenges. Extending the initiative to contract staff Adapting to the changing work environment, Infosys has Our commitment to a positive and safe working environment adopted a hybrid model of work that balances employee is not restricted only to our employees, but also third parties, flexibility and business requirement. Leveraging technology and who provide services in our campuses. We conduct refresher automation, it has improved workforce efficiency, engagement, sessions for such third-party employees to reinforce the message. transformation, and innovation. Recognizing and rewarding its These sessions are covered in nine vernacular languages in India employees for their performance, excellence, and leadership, currently. Emergency / safety cards with important contact it has fostered a culture of diversity, equity, and inclusion, numbers are also handed over to all Infosys employees and and ensured a safe and positive work environment for all employees of such third parties. its employees. Infosys has also received several awards and accolades for its best-in-class HR practices and processes. Whistleblower Policy The Company has formulated the Whistleblower Policy in Resolution hubs line with the mandated regulatory requirements – Sarbanes- Infosys is committed to providing a safe and positive work Oxley Act (SOX), 2002 & Companies Act, 2013 – which environment. In keeping with this philosophy, the organization mandates listed companies to establish a “vigil mechanism” for envisages an open-door policy and encourages a culture of reporting genuine concerns. “speak up”. Employees also have access to several forums where they can highlight matters or concerns faced at the The forum is predominantly for the receipt, retention and workplace for effective remediation. This is achieved through treatment of complaints regarding matters of probable a well-established and robust grievance resolution mechanism discrepancies in accounting, internal accounting controls or Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 105 Management’s discussion and analysis online self-learning, instructor-led virtual training opportunities auditing, and also enables anonymous reporting by employees. along with in-person classroom training opportunities to our While the Whistleblower Policy and the forum is administered employees. Bridge programs help employees with training and and managed by the Office of Integrity and Compliance, internship opportunities to switch to a new career field, while complaints (anonymous or otherwise) pertaining to deviations in retaining them within the organization. workplace policies / processes involving employees are reviewed in tandem by the Employee Relations Department. Lex, our in-house learning platform, offers over 36,000+ curated courses, which includes over 30,000 courses procured Human rights from vendor partners both for enterprise consumption and Infosys is a signatory to the United Nations Global Compact niche communities with specific knowledge requirements. (UNGC) and supports the protection and elevation of human Around 20,000 employees used Lex on weekdays and around rights. Our stand on human rights is contained in an important 5,000 employees used it on weekends, with an average pillar of our Code of Conduct, viz., ‘Respecting each other.’ Refer learning time of 40 minutes. to Infosys Code of Conduct: https://www.infosys.com/investors/ Infosys Wingspan, our configurable talent transformation corporate-governance/documents/codeofconduct.pdf. platform for clients, is used by several global organizations for their talent transformation programs. Recruitment Infosys Springboard, led by a dedicated team of experts As of March 31, 2025, the Group employed 3,23,578 employees, collaborating globally with curriculum partners, non-profits, of which 3,06,599 were professionals involved in service delivery and a global network of leading educational institutions. to clients, including trainees. More than 20,000 courses are available and about 9.2 million We continually seek and employ a diverse workforce across learners across the world are actively consuming content on various IT fields. We have established strong connections Infosys Springboard. with leading institutions worldwide and recruit students who consistently demonstrate exceptional performance. Our VIII. Other details initiative, HackWithInfy, an online coding competition, has 1. Quality gained international recognition once more, allowing us to draw in top coding talent. The Quality function at Infosys, in line with the organization’s vision and strategy of ‘Navigate the Next’, has three We remained steadfast in our commitment to the RestartWithInfy strategic imperatives: initiative to welcome back women who were forced to take a break from the IT industry into our workforce. We were able to • Differentiate Infosys’ services through superior performance hire 935 women into the Infosys ecosystem in fiscal 2025 through and quality this successful endeavor. • Optimize Infosys’ client projects as well as internal functions for greater efficiency and agility During fiscal 2025, we received 44,57,748 employment applications, interviewed 430,080 applicants and extended offers • De-risk Infosys’ operations by ensuring delivery excellence, of employment to 83,207 applicants. These statistics do not compliance and sustainability include our subsidiaries. With usage of AI becoming mainstream, it is imperative to standardize and scale responsible adoption of AI. To address Education, training and assessment (ETA) this need, our Quality team is working on defining an adaptable Infosys continues to invest in developing human potential AI-first software engineering framework, which re-imagines for the organization, and the world at large. We are now the end-to-end engineering lifecycle for the services that we experiencing the play of Human + AI in multiple fields, including provide for our clients. Starting with the requisite AI foundation, learning. This technology wave gives us the ability to hyper- the framework aims to lay out AI-infused process workflows with personalize learning, at scale, across all our learning offerings. integrated engineering, impact on team topologies and roles These efforts have helped us garner external accolades from and value-based governance. In addition, the evolved Infosys Brandon Hall and ATD Best. digital operating model for an AI-first enterprise with product- The Foundation Training Program, anchored across India and based working, user experience design, data ecosystems, multiple other countries enables newly onboarded entry-level advanced engineering, and digital talent enablement provides hires to transform into corporate professionals. Comprising over the necessary foundation to help clients maximize value from 45+ technology streams, the curriculum has kept pace with the investments in digital and AI technologies. dynamic business requirements and the preferred pedagogical Our Quality team continues to scale and evolve our capabilities approach of the current generation of talent. Generative AI and in new ways of working – Agile, DevSecOps, and Site Reliability prompt engineering courses have been introduced to ensure Engineering, and navigate the shift from project to product and freshers are adept in the new skills. platform-led ways of working using our product-centric value delivery approach. In addition, Quality Consulting also helps Our Continuous Education Program is aimed at reskilling / clients to transform their ways of working and adopt engineering upskilling our existing employees with the twin objectives of excellence, within their organizations. increasing fulfilment of skilled talents in client projects and enriching their expertise in next-generation digital technologies Quality has been leading the way in driving lean and automation and methodologies, including gen AI technologies. We provide in the organization to enhance productivity and quality, which 106 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 ISO 20000, ISO 27701, AS 9100 and ISO 13485. Infosys is certified has resulted in large optimization in projects. It deployed to ISO 50001 (Energy management system) as a part of our robust frameworks, tools and platforms across service lines continued commitment to ESG. in a collaborative manner to drive hyper-productivity and engineering excellence. Our holistic automation maturity model Infosys is among the first IT companies to comply with and is actively used to help projects increasing automation levels, get accredited certification for ISO 42001:2023 standard (AI from point tools towards cognitive and autonomous operations, management systems). The Company continued to comply leveraging AI and Gen AI. with and get assessed at the enterprise level for SSAE 18 SOC Quality continues to drive best practices and sustenance 2 type II & ISAE 3402 / SSAE 18 SOC 1 type II including cloud through structured audits and assessment frameworks, focusing platforms. Our RAI design assessment (Responsible AI Program) on de-risking the organization, with augmented coverage of is considered as a “ leading practice” and we have been certified services, centers and subsidiaries. We continue to comply with as an early adopter. international management system standards and models, viz., ISO 9001, ISO 27001, ISO 14001, ISO 45001,ISO 50001, ISO 22301, 2. Infosys Center for Emerging Technology Solutions (iCETS) InspireNEXT ServiceNext H3 trends, LPaaS and CoEs Technology and domain platforms Analyze new technologies and Help Infosys amplify innovation by business trends (H3) and develop creating platforms / IP / accelerators and thought leadership software-led offerings iCETS IncubateNext ConnectNext Living labs and innovation hubs Infosys Innovation Network (IIN) Establish a strategic innovation partnership with Ecosystem of startups, clients, clients by building emerging technology-driven hyperscalers and universities to bring best solutions through living labs and innovation hubs of innovations from around the world iCETS is the emerging technology solution incubation partner for data readiness for AI, etc. Each of these platforms gives Infosys Infosys’ clients and units. It provides next-generation platforms an edge by providing efficient services and helping clients to and innovation-as-a-service to help future-proof enterprise reduce costs and risks while adopting new solutions. We have businesses, leveraging 'New Emerging and eXploratory over 1,000 client deployments of our IP across our portfolio. Technologies’ (NEXT). There are four distinct dimensions across Be The Navigator (BTN) is our flagship program for grassroot which iCETS delivers innovation. innovation. It is a structured and scalable program for our clients to leverage our innovation expertise and infrastructure to make InspireNEXT: A set of capabilities and offerings designed to improvements each day. help discover new possibilities of doing business. The Listening Post-as-a-Service (LPaaS) acts as signal catcher of new business ConnectNext: Brings together innovations from an external and technology trends. We have helped over 65 clients to ecosystem of hyperscalers, startups and universities. The Infosys detect early signals of evolving phenomena from innovation Innovation Network (IIN) today nurtures over 370 startups across centers across the world. The insights gathered from our LPaaS technologies. Its collaboration with hyperscalers and product program and our clients help us to set up and develop Centers players helps to differentiate Infosys' services and platforms, of Excellence (CoEs) for technologies such as AI and gen AI, including in gen AI, data readiness, immersive experiences, quantum computing, cybersecurity, mixed reality, etc. These space, semiconductor, etc. With these startup-led solutions, CoEs experiment with and develop possible and demonstrable we have over 1,000 client impressions exploring the best of solutions for our clients, e.g. an AI benchmarking platform, innovations from around the world. logistics optimization using quantum technologies, etc. IncubateNext: Provides our clients with rapid and agile ServiceNext: Leverages newly-developed capabilities and innovation capabilities. Infosys internal experts, IP and IP to help differentiate our service offerings or create new external partnerships like startups bring significant scope offerings for our clients. For e.g., LEAP for AI-led maintenance for experimentation, scaling of ideas and increased velocity projects, CyberNext for cybersecurity management for our of innovation. Infosys Living Labs has helped 100+ clients clients, IQE for quality engineering services, iDSS and iEDPS for in adopting new technologies like AI, gen AI, mixed reality, Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 107 Management’s discussion and analysis customer experience, etc. Most of our innovations are also made at 1,869. The client segmentation, based on the last 12 months’ available for wider learnings via our Innovation Hubs. With over revenue for the current and previous years, on a consolidated 190 different technology experiences, we get our clients from basis, is as follows: different industries to understand the potential and apply these Clients 2025 2024 innovations to their business opportunities. 100 million dollar + 39 40 We have also established the Applied Research Centers (ARC) that focus on technological and trends research across 50 million dollar + 85 83 diverse domains such as Applied AI, New Interaction Models, 10 million dollar + 309 315 Autonomous Machines, Advanced Cybersecurity and other 1 million dollar + 992 959 emerging technology areas. 5. Infosys Leadership Institute 3. Branding With AI playing a pivotal role in the next phase of transformation Brand Infosys is a key intangible asset for the Company, ranked of organizations, the Infosys Leadership Institute (ILI) partnered amongst the world’s Top 100 brands in 2025, and recognized with Kellogg to bring their highly acclaimed program on AI as the fastest growing IT services brand globally, over a Applications of Growth to all its leaders. In fiscal 2025, more 5-year period. It is nurtured by over 3,20,000 purpose-driven than 1,000 senior leaders of Infosys completed this certification Infoscions seeking to amplify human potential and create the program and most of them also participated in a live discussion next opportunity for people, businesses, and communities. The with the author of this course, Prof. Mohanbir Sawhney. This brand serves to position Infosys as the next-generation digital- includes about 250 women leaders, with many of them also first, enterprise AI partner of choice for businesses navigating working on AI-related projects and initiatives. their transformation. It is built around the premise that the experience we have gained, over four decades, in managing ILI strengthened the succession program by broadening its focus the systems and workings of global enterprises enables us to key roles in business and enabling functions, in addition to uniquely to be navigators for our clients. We do it by enabling creating highly personalized development programs for the them with an AI-first foundation. We also empower the business incumbents and successors in organizational critical positions. with enterprise AI, cloud, and other digital technologies at The highly successful succession-enabling Constellation program scale to deliver unprecedented levels of performance and was expanded to include more high potential emerging leaders. customer delight. Our always-on learning approach drives Together with a 10-month curated program with Oxford continuous improvement through building and transferring University, the Constellation leaders also commenced work skills, expertise, and ideas from our innovation ecosystem. Our in smaller cross-functional teams on strategic organizational localization investments in talent and innovation centers help projects, aimed to bolster their enterprise leadership thus accelerate the business transformation agenda. For over four preparing them for senior leadership positions. decades, we have been deeply committed to being a well- Broader leadership development and engagement continued, governed, environmentally sustainable partner for our clients, with signature programs like the 10-month Enterprise where diverse talent, in an inclusive workplace, helps them Leadership program in partnership with multiple universities navigate their next. including Kellogg, Tuck, and NUS and the six-month-long Our marketing reach extends globally through digital-first multi- Executive Presence and Presentation program in partnership channel campaigns. As the digital innovation partner for the with The Economist. More than 2,000 1x1 leadership advisory Australian Open, Roland-Garros, ATP and The International Tennis discussions were completed by ILI with leaders, focused on Hall of Fame, we help showcase how brand Infosys is reimagining their leadership development plan. With more than 97% leaders the tennis ecosystem for a billion fans globally, leveraging data, completing a significant development intervention, Infosys insights, and digital experiences. We are the official digital leaders invested 10,500+ leadership learning days equivalent innovation partner of Madison Square Garden (MSG) properties on their development. including the New York Knicks, New York Rangers and the MSG Leadership diversity continues to be important for Infosys and Arena. We are also official digital innovation partner for the ABB the acclaimed ILI IamtheFuture program saw more than 200 FIA Formula E World Championship. In addition, our strategic women leaders completing a development program addressing partnerships with Dow Jones, The Economist Group, Financial critical and differentiating competencies needed for success and Times and Handelsblatt Media Group further accentuate this growth. About 100 women leaders completed a program with position. We participate in premier business and industry events Stanford on Executive Communication, along with 1x1 coaching around the world, while also organizing our own signature with an external communication firm. Career conversations events and CXO roundtables. Confluence, our flagship client were completed for critical and high-potential women leaders event series across the US, Europe and APAC, is rated highly by across segments and delivery, and 200 women+ leaders our clients and industry partners. completed a development coaching conversation with internal leadership advisors. 4. Client base Our relentless focus on leadership development and Our client-centric approach continues to bring us high levels engagement continues to set us up well for the future. of client satisfaction. We, along with our subsidiaries, added 365 new clients, including a substantial number of large global corporations. Our total client base at the end of the year stood 108 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 6. Infosys Knowledge Institute 7. ESG vision and ambitions The Infosys Knowledge Institute (IKI) is the business research and In October 2020, we launched our ESG Vision 2030 to ‘shape and thought leadership arm of Infosys. IKI harnesses the intellectual share solutions that serve the development of businesses and capital of Infosys experts and client collaborations to produce communities.’ Our vision continues to reflect how ESG is integral novel, distinctive content and insights on the business impact to Infosys’ sustainable and responsible business performance. We that technology can drive for enterprises. IKI also develops continue to be carbon neutral across scope 1,2 and 3 emissions proprietary data and insights through primary research, for the sixth consecutive year. We have expanded our skilling including large-scale surveys and quantitative analysis. These are initiatives to include 13.3 million people. As a part of our Tech for published through its flagship Radar maturity reports, the annual Good initiatives we launched Sight Connect app in partnership Tech Navigator report and ongoing Tech Compass tech trends with L.V. Prasad Eye Institute to make eye care more accessible to series, and industry-focused market outlooks and executive all. We remain steadfast in our commitment to nurture workplace journals. IKI has collaborated with 800 clients and created inclusivity. An empowered, diverse, inclusive Board continues to over 1,500 assets since inception. For more information, visit sharpen stakeholder focus by bringing their interests to the fore. https://infosys.com/iki. Our data privacy and information management efforts continue to shape policy and lead the way industry. For more information about our ESG Vision and ambitions, read our ESG Vision 2030 document at https://www.infosys.com/ content/dam/infosys-web/en/about/corporate-responsibility/ esg-vision-2030/index.html. For information on the progress of our ESG ambitions, read the ESG report at https://www.infosys.com/sustainability/ documents/infosys-esg-report-2024-25.pdf. Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 109 Statutory reports Corporate governance report Corporate governance guides how a company is directed and to gain and retain the trust of our stakeholders. This is ensured its relationships with its stakeholders. With the right structure by taking ethical business decisions and conducting business and systems in place, good corporate governance enables with a firm commitment to values, while meeting stakeholders’ companies to create an environment of trust, transparency and expectations. We are committed to defining, following and accountability, which promotes long-term capital and supports practicing the highest level of corporate governance across all economic growth and financial stability. our business functions. Our corporate governance is a statement of the values we Our corporate governance philosophy stand by as we conduct our business and engage with our stakeholders. Our Company has been a leader in adopting Our corporate governance is a reflection of our value system, internationally-recognized corporate governance guidelines and encompassing our culture, policies, and relationships with our has set the highest standards in abiding by them. stakeholders. Integrity and transparency are key to our corporate Our governance rests on our core value system of C-LIFE (Client governance practices, and ensure that we gain and retain the value, Leadership by example, Integrity and transparency, trust of our stakeholders at all times. Fairness and Excellence) and is guided by the OECD (Organization At Infosys (“the Company”), it is imperative that our Company for Economic Co-operation and Development) principles. Our affairs are managed in a fair and transparent manner. This is vital corporate governance framework thus encompasses: Ensuring the basis for an Disclosure and transparency 1 4 effective corporate governance framework G20/OECD The rights and equitable Principles of The responsibilities of the board treatment of shareholders and 2 5 Corporate key ownership functions Governance Institutional investors, stock markets Sustainability and resilience 3 6 and other intermediaries Infosys values: C-LIFE Client Leadership Integrity and Fairness Excellence by example value transparency Responsible leadership Lead by example by ensuring independence of the Board Board as a trustee and effectiveness of the Management Safeguard the shareholder’s capital as trustee, and not as its owner Legal compliance Satisfy both the spirit and the letter of the law in all our actions and disclosures Effective corporate governance Integrity and Relationship & transparency with stakeholders Build simple and transparent processes driven by business needs of all stakeholders Ensure transparency and maintain a high level of integrity Fairness and excellence Communicate frequently with stakeholders, including clients, employees, shareholders and stock markets Be objective and ethical, and deliver the best to earn trust and respect from our stakeholders Infosys corporate governance framework Our corporate governance is reinforced through the Company’s Code of Conduct and Ethics, corporate governance guidelines and committee charters. Our Board and Management processes, audits and internal control systems reflect the principles of our corporate governance framework. This report gives a comprehensive overview of how our governance adheres to the seven pillars of our governance framework. 110 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Board as a trustee The Board recognizes its primary role of trusteeship of shareholder capital. As a trustee, it strives to ensure excellence and integrity in setting world-class corporate governance standards. Corporate governance guidelines Independent directors Strong corporate governance is the bedrock of our sustained We abide by the definitions of an independent director, as laid performance and has helped us gain the trust and respect down under the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the SEBI of all our stakeholders. The enhancement of these corporate (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, governance standards, through periodic evaluation and change, 2015 (“the Listing Regulations”), as amended, along with the is one of the most important aspects of ensuring value creation definitions laid down in the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) for our stakeholders. listed company manual, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and US securities laws by virtue of our listing on the NYSE in the US. Our corporate governance follows the guidelines established by the Board of the Company. These guidelines provide a Based on the disclosures received from all independent directors structure within which directors and the Management can and in the opinion of the Board, the independent directors fulfil effectively pursue the Company’s objectives for the benefit the conditions specified in the Act, the Listing Regulations, NYSE of its stakeholders. These are framed in conjunction with the listing manual and are independent of the Management. Company’s Memorandum & Articles of Association, the charters of the committees of the Board and applicable laws / regulations Board composition / guidelines in force in India, the US and other jurisdictions, as The Company recognizes and embraces the importance of a applicable. The guidelines can be accessed on our website, at diverse Board in its success. We believe that a truly diverse Board https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-governance/ will leverage differences in thought, perspective, regional and Documents/corporate-governance-guidelines.pdf. industry experience, cultural and geographical background, age, ethnicity, race, gender, knowledge, skills including Role of the Board of Directors expertise in financial, global business, leadership, technology, The primary role of the Board is that of trusteeship – to protect mergers and acquisition, Board service, strategy, sales and and enhance shareholder value. As trustees, the Board has a marketing, Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG), risk and fiduciary responsibility to ensure that the Company has clear cybersecurity and other domains, which will ensure that Infosys goals aligned to shareholder value and its growth. Further, the retains its competitive advantage. Board is also responsible for: As on March 31, 2025, the Board comprised of nine members, consisting of a non-executive and non-independent Chairman, • Exercising appropriate control to ensure that the Company Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director (CEO & MD), and is managed efficiently to fulfil stakeholders’ aspirations and seven independent directors. societal expectations. • Monitoring the effectiveness of the Company’s governance The profile of the Board members encompassing details of practices and making changes as necessary. nationality, age, date of appointment, (re)appointment, tenure on the Board, term-ending date, shareholding, Board memberships • Providing strategic guidance to the Company and ensuring in Indian companies, committee details as per Regulation 26 effective monitoring of the Management. of the Listing Regulations and the details of core expertise / • Exercising independent judgment on corporate affairs. competency of each director is provided under Infosys Board • Assigning a sufficient number of non-executive members of of Directors section in the Integrated Annual Report. There are the Board to tasks where there is a potential for conflict of no inter-se relationships between our Board members. The interest in the exercise of independent judgment. Company does not have any pecuniary relationship with any • Reviewing and guiding corporate strategy, major plans of the non-executive directors. Further, during the year, the of action, risk policy, annual budgets and business plans, Company has not provided any loans or advances to firms / setting performance objectives, monitoring implementation companies in which directors are interested. and corporate performance, and overseeing major capital expenditures, acquisitions and divestments. Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 111 Corporate governance report The Board has six committees – Audit Committee, Nomination is chosen as the chairperson of the committee. The Company and Remuneration Committee, Stakeholders Relationship also has a Cybersecurity Risk Sub-committee under the Risk Committee, Risk Management Committee, Corporate Social Management Committee. The Sub-committee comprises only Responsibility (CSR) Committee and ESG Committee. All independent directors. committees comprise only independent directors, one of whom Size and composition of the Board as on March 31, 2025 Average tenure (in years) 77.78% 44.44% Foreign national Male directors directors 7.6 Non-executive and non-independent director 22.22% 55.56% 7.2 Executive director Female directors Indian directors 4.8 The Board 4.1 Independent directors Non-executive and non-independent director Executive director Nandan M. Nilekani Salil Parekh Tenure of the directors Independent directors Michael Gibbs Bobby Parikh Chitra Nayak D. Sundaram 2 - 4 years > 4 years < 2 years Govind Iyer Helene Auriol Potier Nitin Paranjpe Board meetings Meeting of independent directors Scheduling and selection of agenda items for Board For the Board to exercise free and fair judgment in all matters meetings related to the functioning of the Company as well as the Board, it is important for the independent directors to have meetings The tentative dates of Board meetings for the next fiscal without the presence of the executive management. are decided in advance and published in the Integrated Annual Report. The Chairman and the Company Secretary, Schedule IV of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules thereunder in consultation with the CEO & MD, and lead independent mandate that the independent directors of the Company director propose the agenda for each meeting. The agenda, shall hold at least one meeting in a financial year, without the along with explanatory notes is circulated to the directors in attendance of non-independent directors and members of advance to facilitate informed deliberation and decision making. the Management. Even before the Companies Act, 2013 came Every Board member can suggest the inclusion of additional into effect, our Board’s process mandated periodic meetings items in the agenda. attended exclusively by the independent directors. The Board meets at least once a quarter to review the quarterly During the year, the independent directors met four times results and other items on the agenda. Additional meetings without the presence of executive directors and management. are held when necessary. Independent directors are expected At such meetings, the independent directors discuss, among to attend at least four quarterly Board meetings and the other matters, the performance of the Company and risks faced Annual General Meeting (AGM). However, with the Board by it, the flow of information to the Board, competition, strategy, being represented by independent directors from various leadership strengths and weaknesses, governance, compliance, parts of the world, it may not be possible for all of them to be Board movements, succession planning, human resources physically present at all meetings. Hence, we provide video / matters and the performance of the executive members of the teleconferencing facilities to enable their participation. Board, committees and the Chairman. The Board members are expected to rigorously prepare, attend and participate in the Board and applicable committee meetings. Each member is expected to ensure their other commitments do not materially interfere with their responsibilities towards the Company. 112 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Responsible leadership Leading by example is a key tenet of corporate governance at Infosys. Both the Board and the Management work together to set the highest standards of responsible leadership. Responsibilities of the Board leadership CEO & MD We believe that an active, well-informed, diversified and The CEO & MD is responsible for executing corporate strategy independent board is necessary to ensure the highest standards in consultation with the Board, as well as for brand equity, of corporate governance. At Infosys, the Board is at the core planning, building external contacts and all matters related of our corporate governance practice. The Board oversees the to the management of the Company. He is responsible for Management’s functions and protects the long-term interests achieving annual and long-term business targets. The CEO of our stakeholders. & MD also monitors the external and internal competitive landscape, and new industry developments and standards, The responsibilities and authority of the Chairman, the CEO & MD identifies opportunities for expansion and acquisition, and and the lead independent director are as follows: builds relationships with customers and markets to enhance shareholder value and implement the organization’s vision, Chairman mission, and overall direction. The Company has separated the roles of Chairman and the CEO The CEO & MD acts as a link between the Board and the & MD to create a more balanced governance structure. The Management and is also responsible for leading and evaluating Chairman leads the Board and is responsible for fostering and the work of other executive leaders. promoting the integrity of the Board while nurturing a culture in which the Board works harmoniously for the long-term benefit Lead Independent Director of the Company and all its stakeholders. He presides over all The lead independent director was appointed by the Board meetings of the Board and of the shareholders of the Company. to ensure robust independent leadership of the Board. The The Chairman takes a lead role in managing the Board and general authority and responsibilities of the lead independent facilitates effective communication among directors. He is director are decided by the group of independent directors. The responsible for overseeing matters pertaining to governance, lead independent director also performs additional duties as including the organization, composition and effectiveness determined by the Board. of the Board and its committees, and the performance of individual directors. The lead independent director provides leadership to the independent directors, liaises on behalf of the independent The Chairman actively works with the Nomination and directors and ensures the Board’s effectiveness in maintaining Remuneration Committee to plan the composition of the high-quality governance of the organization and effective Board and Board committees, induct directors to the Board, functioning of the Board. plan for director succession, participate effectively in the Board evaluation process and meet with individual directors to provide constructive feedback and advice. Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 113 Corporate governance report Key Board qualifications, expertise and attributes The table below summarizes the key qualifications, skills, and attributes that are taken into consideration while nominating candidates to serve on the Board. Leadership of a financial firm or management of the finance function of an enterprise, resulting in proficiency in complex financial management, capital allocation, and financial reporting processes, or experience in actively supervising a principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller, public accountant, auditor or person performing similar functions Financial Representation of gender, ethnic, geographic, cultural, or other perspectives that expand the Board’s understanding of the needs and viewpoints of our customers, partners, employees, governments and other stakeholders worldwide Diversity Experience in driving business success in markets around the world, with an understanding of diverse business environments, economic conditions, cultures, and regulatory frameworks, and a broad perspective on global market opportunities Global business Extensive leadership experience at a significant enterprise, resulting in a practical understanding of organizations, processes, strategic planning, and risk management. Demonstrated strengths in developing talent, planning succession, and driving change and long-term growth Leadership Significant background in technology, resulting in knowledge of how to anticipate technological trends, generate disruptive innovation, and extend or create new business models Information Technology A history of leading growth through acquisitions and other business combinations, with the ability to assess ‘build or buy’ decisions, analyze the fit of a target with the Company’s strategy and culture, accurately value transactions, and evaluate operational integration plans Mergers and Acquisitions Service on a public company board to develop insights about maintaining board and management accountability, protecting shareholder interests, and observing appropriate governance practices Board service and governance Experience in developing strategies to grow sales and market share, build brand awareness and equity, and enhance enterprise reputation Sales and marketing Experience in leading the sustainability and ESG visions of organizations, to be able to integrate these into the strategy of the Company Sustainability, and Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Experience in identifying and evaluating the significant risk exposures to the business strategy of the Company and assess the Management’s actions to mitigate strategic, legal and compliance, and operational risk exposures Risk management Experience in assessing and managing cybersecurity-related risks and implementing cybersecurity policies, procedures and strategies Cybersecurity The details of core expertise / competency of each director are provided in Infosys Board of Directors section in the Integrated Annual Report. 114 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 During the year, the following trainings were Selection and appointment of new directors organized for the Board: The Board delegates the screening and selection process to the Geopolitical impact and preparedness: Nomination and Remuneration Committee. It presents a diverse slate of recommendations of eligible candidates to the Board for Board members were given insights on geopolitical variables their approval as per the criteria laid down in Nomination and such as foreign trade policy, technical / AI competition, Remuneration Policy. Subsequently, the Board recommends and immigration, and international relations, that may impact places it before the shareholders for their approval. the business. The Management team also briefed the Board members on the Company’s preparedness to deal with the Succession planning evolving situations. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee works with Evolving Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) landscape: the Board on the leadership succession plan to ensure orderly succession in appointments to the Board and to senior The session emphasized on the aspects of global sustainability management positions. The Company strives to maintain trends, policies and regulatory environment topics on India: Net an appropriate balance of skills and experience within the Zero 2070, EU – Climate Neutral 2050, US – Net Zero 2050 and organization and the Board in an endeavor to introduce new Climate Negotiations – COP29, etc. The session also highlighted perspectives while maintaining experience and continuity. the underlying focus areas of ESG, the impact through In addition, promoting senior management within the energy efficiency, e-waste management, carbon footprint organization fuels the ambitions of the talent force to earn reduction, environmental dependencies, social dependencies, future leadership roles. and governance dependencies relating to the IT sector and integrating sustainability into organizational strategy. Training of Board members Additionally, the Company continued to provide an online ESG All new non-executive directors inducted to the Board are training module for the Board covering topics such as global introduced to our Company culture through orientation sessions. outlook on ESG risks and opportunities, global ESG (reporting) Executive directors and senior management provide an overview frameworks and regulatory landscape, potential focus areas for of operations and familiarize the new non-executive directors future, and insights into leading ESG practices. on matters related to our values and commitments. They are We also facilitate the continual educational requirements of our also introduced to the organization structure, services, Group directors. Each director is entitled to a training fee of US$5,000 structure and subsidiaries, constitution, Board procedures, per year. Support is provided for independent directors if they matters reserved for the Board, major risks and risk management choose to attend educational programs in the areas of Board / strategy. The details of the familiarization program are also corporate governance. available on the Company’s website, at https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/Documents/ During the year, two of the independent directors attended the training-board-members2025.pdf. National Association of Corporate Directors (NACD) Cybersecurity event. The event, which was held over three days, focused on Non-executive and independent directors of the Board are strategies necessary to effectively oversee cybersecurity, protect familiarized through engagements such as: sensitive data, and ensure the resilience of businesses in the Strategy retreat: We organize periodic management strategy face of cyber threats. retreat with the Board to deliberate on various topics related to The details of the training programs attended by the Board strategic planning, progress of ongoing strategic initiatives, risks members (excluding the NACD event referred above) in fiscal to strategy execution and the need for new strategic programs 2025 are as follows: to achieve the Company’s long-term objectives. This provides the Board members a platform to bring their expertise to various Name of the director No. of training hours attended strategic initiatives, while also giving an opportunity for them to during fiscal 2025 understand detailed aspects of execution and challenges relating Nandan M. Nilekani 7.5 to the specific theme. Salil Parekh 7.5 Through this process, members of the Board can interact closely with the senior leadership of the Company and get a D. Sundaram 7.5 comprehensive and balanced perspective on the strategic issues Michael Gibbs 7.5 facing the Company, the competitive differentiation being Bobby Parikh 7.5 pursued by the Company and an overview of the execution plan. Chitra Nayak 7.5 Govind Iyer 7.5 Helene Auriol Potier 7.5 Nitin Paranjpe 7.5 Total hours 67.5 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 115 Corporate governance report Effective corporate governance Our legacy of good corporate governance has translated into trust from all stakeholders. To maintain this trust, continuous efforts are made to facilitate effective corporate governance measures such as constitution, governance and working of Board committees. Availability of information to Board members and statutory matters are presented to the committees of the Board and later, with the recommendation of the committees, to The Board has unrestricted access to all Company-related the Board for its approval. As a process, information to directors information, including that of our employees. At Board meetings, is submitted along with the agenda well in advance of Board managers and representatives who can provide additional meetings. Inputs and feedback of Board members are taken insights into the items being discussed are invited. Information and considered while preparing the agenda and documents is provided to the Board members on a continuous basis for their for the Board meetings. At these meetings, directors can review, inputs and approval. Strategic and operational plans are provide their inputs and suggestions on various strategic and presented to the Board in addition to the quarterly and annual operational matters. financial statements. Specific cases of acquisitions, important managerial decisions, material positive / negative developments Attendance of directors in the Board meetings held during fiscal 2025 During the year, five Board meetings were held. Board attendance No. of Board meeting 1 2 3 4 5 Held Attended during Attended % Name of the director AGM on June April 17-18, July 17-18, July 19, October January tenure 26, 2024 2024 2024 2024 16-17, 15-16, 2024 2025 Nandan M. Nilekani L 5 4 80 Salil Parekh 5 5 100 D. Sundaram 5 5 100 Michael Gibbs 5 5 100 Bobby Parikh 5 5 100 Nayak(1) Chitra 5 5 100 5 5 100 Govind Iyer Helene Auriol Potier 5 5 100 5 5 100 Nitin Paranjpe % Attendance 100 89 100 100 100 100 Present Attended through video call L: Leave of absence (1) Attended through video call on October 16 and leave of absence on October 17 116 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Governance of Board committees committees meet four times a year. The recommendations The Board, in consultation with the Nomination and of the committees are submitted to the Board for approval. Remuneration Committee, is responsible for assigning and During the year, all recommendations of the committees were determining the terms of service for committee members. approved by the Board. The Chairman of the Board, in consultation with the Company The quorum for meetings is the higher of two members or one- Secretary and the respective committee chairperson, determines third of the total number of members of the committee. the frequency of the committee meetings. Generally, all Board committees Audit Committee Bobby Parikh D. Sundaram Michael Gibbs Paranjpe(1) Nitin Environmental, Social and Corporate Social Governance Committee Responsibility Committee Chitra Nayak Govind Iyer Govind Iyer Chitra Nayak Helene Auriol Potier Michael Gibbs The Board Stakeholders Relationship Nomination and Committee Remuneration Committee Michael Gibbs D. Sundaram D. Sundaram Michael Gibbs Bobby Parikh Govind Iyer Chitra Nayak Nitin Paranjpe Risk Management Committee Cybersecurity Risk D. Sundaram Sub-committee Michael Gibbs Michael Gibbs Bobby Parikh D. Sundaram Chitra Nayak Govind Iyer Govind Iyer Chitra Nayak Helene Auriol Potier Nitin Paranjpe Chairperson Member (1) Appointed as member of the Committee effective April 16, 2025 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 117 Corporate governance report Audit Committee Bobby Parikh Chairperson and Financial expert The Audit Committee (“the Committee”) comprises the following, all of whom are independent directors: 1. Bobby Parikh, Chairperson and Financial expert 2. D. Sundaram, Financial Expert 3. Michael Gibbs Paranjpe(1) 4. Nitin The Company Secretary acts as the secretary to the Audit Committee. Objectives of the Committee Process adopted by the Committee to fulfill its objectives The primary objective of the Committee is to assist the Ensuring an effective and independent internal audit Board with oversight of: function, which works to provide assurance regarding the 1. The accuracy, integrity and transparency of the Company’s adequacy and efficacy of operation of internal controls and financial statements with adequate and timely disclosures; processes intended to safeguard the Company’s assets, 2. Compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; effective and efficient use of the Company’s resources and, 3. The Company’s independent auditors’ professional timely and accurate recording of all transactions qualifications and independence; Meeting the independent auditor at the end of each quarter 4. The performance of the Company’s independent auditors and and financial year to discuss key observations relating to the internal auditors; and financial statements for the relevant period 5. Acquisitions and investments made by the Company. Providing an independent channel of communication for Audit Committee Charter (“the Charter”) the Chief Compliance Officer, the internal auditor and the independent auditor In India, we are listed on the BSE Limited (BSE) and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE). We are also Inviting members of the Management and, at its discretion, listed on New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in the US. In India, external experts in legal, financial and technical matters, to Regulation 18 of the Listing Regulations and in the US, the Blue provide clarifications, advice and guidance Ribbon Committee set up by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) mandate that listed companies adopt an Providing periodic feedback and reports to the Board appropriate Charter. The Committee is guided by the Charter, Reviewing its Charter, structure, processes, membership which has been adopted by the Board and is available on the periodically, and recommending proposed changes to the Company’s website at Board for approval https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-governance/ documents/audit-committee-charter.pdf. Meeting at least four times in a year and ensuring that the gap between two meetings does not exceed 120 days (1) Appointed as member of the Committee effective April 16, 2025 118 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 and that of the internal and independent statutory auditors. The Committee governance Management is responsible for the Company’s internal control The Committee comprises of four members and fulfills over financial reporting and the financial reporting process. The the requirements of: independent statutory auditors are responsible for performing • Audit Committee Charter an independent audit of the Company’s financial statements in • Section 149 and 177 of the Companies Act, 2013 accordance with the Generally Accepted Auditing Principles and for issuing a report based on the audit. • Regulation 18 of the Listing Regulations • NYSE guidelines, as applicable The Committee met seven times during the year, which is more than the requirement of the Companies Act, 2013 and the The Committee, to carry out its responsibilities efficiently and Listing Regulations. transparently, relies on the Management’s financial expertise Composition and attendance 100% 4 7 100% Independence Members Meetings Attendance Attendance details of the Audit Committee Audit Committee meeting Committee meeting details Held 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 % during Attended Name of the member tenure April 17-18, July 17-18, September October January March March 2024 2024 19-20, 2024 16-17, 2024 15-16, 2025 10-11, 2025 27, 2025 Bobby Parikh 7 7 100 D. Sundaram 7 7 100 Michael Gibbs 7 7 100 Paranjpe(1) Nitin – – – – – – – – – – % Attendance 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 Present Attended through video call (1) Appointed as member of the Committee effective April 16, 2025 Audit Committee report for the year ended March 31, 2025 Key highlights of the activities of the Committee during the year Frequency Q Reviewed and recommended to the Board, the Company’s financial statements, prepared in accordance with the Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) as specified under the Companies Act, 2013, read with the relevant rules thereunder and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board Q Held discussions with the independent statutory auditors (without the presence of members of the Management) regarding the Company’s audited financial statements and sought their assessment on the quality and applicability of the accounting principles, the reasonableness of significant judgments, the independence of the auditors, the internal controls, the integrity of the Company’s financial reporting process, the adequacy of disclosures in the financial statements and other matters as the Committee deemed necessary Evaluated internal financial controls and risk assessment and management systems and reviewed the responsibilities, functions, Q qualifications, performance and adequacy of internal audit function Undertook an annual performance evaluation of its own effectiveness A Reviewed with independent statutory auditors the nature and scope of the audit, audit engagement and internal quality control A procedures to ascertain adequacy and appropriateness Reviewed the Management’s discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations A Besides discussing the overall scope and plan for the internal audit and requirements of SEC, SEBI and other regulatory bodies, the Q Committee also reviewed the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s legal, regulatory and ethics compliance programs. Reviewed the annual performance assessment of statutory auditors, internal auditors and the secretarial auditors A Reviewed business plan assessment and value analysis of investment in subsidiaries Q Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 119 Corporate governance report Key highlights of the activities of the Committee during the year Frequency Recommended appointment of internal auditors A Recommended appointment of secretarial auditors P Reviewed and recommended audit fees, audit-related fees, availing permissible non-audit services by statutory auditors and the P corresponding non-audit service fees for Board’s approval Assisted the Board in monitoring the Management’s financial reporting process P Reviewed the process adopted by the Management for testing impairment of assets including financial assets and goodwill A Reviewed the significant transactions of the subsidiaries P Reviewed and approved related party transactions, granted omnibus approvals, noted half-yearly disclosures to the stock P exchanges and recommended to the Board for approval as and when necessary Recommended acquisitions, investments, divestment and reviewed the performances of the acquired entities and end-utilization P of intercorporate loans and advances Monitored and reviewed internal controls and mechanism to track the compliances and periodical reporting to SEBI under insider Q trading regulations. Reviewed compliance with the Company’s Code of Conduct and Ethics, reviewed the legal and compliance updates in addition to the investigations of the whistleblower complaints received during the year Reviewed and recommended to the Board on various policies as part of annual policy review process A Noted the disclosures issued by promoters under Regulation 31(4) of SEBI (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and A Takeovers) Regulations, 2011 Frequency A Annually Q Quarterly P Periodically • The appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as the internal Key recommendations of the Committee auditors of the Company for the year ending March 31, 2026, Based on its discussion with the Management and the auditors, to review various operations of the Company and a review of the representations of the Management and the • Makarand M. Joshi & Co., Company Secretaries (Firm report of the auditors, the Committee has recommended the registration no: P2009MH007000), be appointed as secretarial following to the Board: auditors of the Company to hold office for a term of five • The Company’s quarterly condensed financial statements, consecutive years commencing from financial year 2025- prepared in accordance with the Indian Accounting 26 till financial year 2029-30 subject to the approval of Standards (Ind AS) as specified under the Companies shareholders as per the Listing regulations read with Section Act, 2013, read with the relevant rules thereunder and 204 of the Act and Rules thereunder. the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as • The Committee will be issuing a letter in line with issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, be Recommendation No. 9 of the Blue Ribbon Committee accepted by the Board on Audit Committee effectiveness, to be provided in the • The audited financial statements of Infosys Limited, prepared financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS in the in accordance with Ind AS, for the year ended March 31, 2025, Annual Report on Form 20-F. be accepted by the Board as a true and fair statement of the financial status of the Company Relying on its review and the discussions with the Management auditors, the Committee believes and the independent statutory • The audited consolidated financial statements of Infosys that the Company’s financial statements are fairly presented in Limited and its subsidiaries, prepared in accordance with Ind conformity with Ind AS and IFRS and that there is no significant AS, for the year ended March 31, 2025, be accepted by the deficiency or material weakness in the Company’s internal Board as a true and fair statement of the financial status of control over financial reporting. In conclusion, the Committee is the Group satisfied that it has complied with its responsibilities as outlined • The audited consolidated financial statements of Infosys in the Charter. The Board has accepted all recommendations Limited and its subsidiaries, prepared in Indian rupee and made by the Audit Committee. US dollars in accordance with IFRS, for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2025, be accepted by the Board as a true and fair statement of the financial status of the Group Sd/- • The audited consolidated financial statements of Infosys Limited and its subsidiaries, prepared in US dollar in Bengaluru Bobby Parikh accordance with IFRS, for the year ended March 31, 2025, Chairperson April 17, 2025 be accepted by the Board as a true and fair statement of DIN: 00019437 the financial status of the Group and be included in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F, to be filed with the SEC 120 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Nomination and Remuneration Committee D. Sundaram Chairperson The Nomination and Remuneration Committee (“the Committee”) comprises only independent directors. As on March 31, 2025, the Committee comprised: 3. Govind Iyer 1. D. Sundaram, Chairperson 4. Nitin Paranjpe 2. Michael Gibbs Objectives of the Committee Committee governance The main objectives and responsibilities of the Committee are to: The Committee comprises of four members and fulfills the requirements of: 1. Assist the Board in discharging its responsibilities relating to remuneration of the Company’s Directors, Key Managerial • Nomination and Remuneration Committee Charter Personnel (KMP) and senior management • Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 2. Evaluate and approve the adequacy of the remuneration • Regulation 19 of the Listing Regulations plans, policies, programs and succession plans for the • NYSE guidelines, as applicable Company’s Directors, KMP and senior management (including identifying persons to be appointed to positions of KMP and The Committee oversees key processes by which the Company senior management in accordance with identified criteria and recruits new members to its Board, and the processes by which to recommend to the Board their appointment and removal); the Company recruits, motivates and retains outstanding senior management as well as the Company’s overall approach to 3. Formulate the criteria for determining qualifications, positive human resources management. attributes and independence of a director, and performance evaluation of directors on the Board Committee Policy and Charter 4. Administration of equity-based plans / schemes approved by the shareholders The Committee Charter and Policy are available on our website, at: 5. Oversee the Company’s nomination process for KMP and senior management and identify, screen and review Charter: https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate- individuals qualified to serve as directors, KMP and senior governance/documents/nomination-remuneration- management consistent with criteria approved by the Board committee-charter.pdf 6. Recommend the appointment and removal of directors, for Policy: https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate- approval at the annual meeting of shareholders governance/documents/nomination-remuneration-policy.pdf 7. Carry out evaluation of the performance of the Board and review the evaluation’s implementation and compliance The Nomination and Remuneration Committee met four times during fiscal 2025. 8. Leadership development 9. Develop and maintain corporate governance policies applicable to the Company 10. Devise a policy on Board diversity Composition and attendance 100% 4 4 100% Independence Members Meetings Attendance Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 121 Corporate governance report Attendance details of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee Nomination and Remuneration Committee meeting Committee meeting details Held during Attended % Name of the member tenure 1 2 3 4 April 17-18, 2024 July 17, 2024 October 16, 2024 January 15, 2025 4 4 100 D. Sundaram Michael Gibbs 4 4 100 Govind Iyer 4 4 100 Nitin Paranjpe 4 4 100 % Attendance 100 100 100 100 Present Attended through video call Nomination and Remuneration Committee report for the year ended March 31, 2025 Key highlights of the activities of the Committee during the year Frequency Made regular reports to the Board regarding its actions and made recommendations to the Board as appropriate Q Recommended the appointment of Egon Zehnder, a leadership advisory firm on board matters, to assist in evaluating the A members of the Board, its committees, and the Board as a whole. Accordingly, the exercise was completed during fiscal 2025. Undertook a review of the succession plans for key leadership positions, and helped to shape and monitor the development P plans of key leadership personnel Reviewed and recommended to the Board the amendments to the Nomination and Remuneration Policy and the Charter A Placed a substantial focus on improving the overall diversity of the workforce and enhancing employee engagement through P real-time feedback from employees Approved and granted stock incentives to eligible employees of the Company and subsidiaries during the year under the 2015 P Stock Incentive Compensation Plan and the Infosys Expanded Stock Ownership Program 2019. Undertook an annual performance evaluation of its own effectiveness A Recommended revision in the compensation of the senior management personnel for the approval of the Board P Reviewed various initiatives undertaken by the Company to ensure the safety, security and well-being of employees, as well as Q their overall development through learning programs and on-the-job training Frequency A Annually Q Quarterly P Periodically Sd/- Bengaluru D. Sundaram Chairperson April 16, 2025 DIN: 00016304 122 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Corporate Social Responsibility Committee Govind Iyer Chairperson The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee (“the Committee”) comprises only independent directors. As on March 31, 2025, the Committee comprised: 1. Govind Iyer, Chairperson 2. Chitra Nayak 3. Michael Gibbs 8. Reviewing the impact assessment reports issued by the Our CSR philosophy independent agency on the Company’s projects We focus on our social and environmental responsibilities 9. Reviewing CSR reporting / disclosures as may be required to fulfil the needs and expectations of the communities under various statutes around us. Our Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) is not limited to philanthropy, but encompasses holistic 10. Reviewing certificates issued for utilization of CSR funds community development, institution-building and earmarked for specific themes / projects sustainability-related initiatives. Committee governance Objectives and responsibilities of the Committee The Committee comprises three independent directors and The primary objective of the Committee is to assist the Board in fulfills the requirements of: fulfilling its corporate social responsibility. The Committee has • Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 overall responsibility for: • CSR Committee Charter 1. Identifying the areas of CSR activities The CSR Committee is responsible for identifying the areas of CSR 2. Recommending the amount of expenditure to be incurred on activities, programs and execution of initiatives as per defined the identified CSR activities guidelines and for overseeing the activities / functioning of 3. Evaluating CSR proposals received from the Company Infosys Foundation, Infosys Foundation USA and other initiatives 4. Implementing and monitoring the CSR Policy from time to undertaken by the Company, including in Australia and various time part of Europe. The Foundations report to the Committee the 5. Formulating a CSR annual action plan and recommending it to progress of deployed initiatives and guide in making appropriate the Board disclosures on a periodic basis. 6. Reviewing the Company’s initiatives and programs The CSR Committee met four times during fiscal 2025. 7. Coordinating with Infosys Foundation or agency(ies) such as registered trusts, societies, or Section 8 companies in implementing programs and executing initiatives as per the CSR Policy of the Company Composition and attendance 100% 3 4 100% Independence Members Meetings Attendance Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 123 Corporate governance report Attendance details of the CSR Committee CSR Committee meeting Committee meeting details Held during Attended % Name of the member 1 2 3 4 tenure April 10, 2024 July 9, 2024 October 11, 2024 January 14, 2025 Govind Iyer 4 4 100 Chitra Nayak 4 4 100 4 4 100 Michael Gibbs % Attendance 100 100 100 100 Present Attended through video call Committee Policy and Charter CSR report The Committee, with the approval of the Board, has The CSR report, as required under the Companies Act, 2013, adopted the CSR Policy as required under Section 135 of the for the year ended March 31, 2025, is attached as Annexure 6 Companies Act, 2013. The Committee Charter and Policy are to the Board’s report. available on our website, at: The Committee, on a periodic basis, reviewed and approved the Charter: https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate- budget and disbursement of funds. The Committee ensures to governance/documents/corporate-social-responsibility- allocate at least 2% of the average net profits of the Company committee-charter.pdf made during the three immediately preceding financial years for CSR activities in India during the year. Accordingly, during Policy: https://www.infosys.com/investors/ `523.70 fiscal 2025, the Company spent crore on various projects. corporate-governance/documents/corporate-social- `16.15 The unspent balance of crore is towards various ongoing responsibility-policy.pdf projects and will be transferred to the unspent CSR account and spent in accordance with the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 and amendments thereunder. `523.70 In addition to the crore spent in fiscal 2025, the Company `46.26 also spent crore on account of ongoing projects of fiscals 2022, 2023 and 2024. The CSR amount spent in the US, Australia, and various parts of Europe, is over and above the statutory requirement in India. During fiscal 2025, the aggregate amount `40 spent outside India was crore. Sd/- Mumbai Govind Iyer Chairperson April 10, 2025 DIN: 00169343 124 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 ESG Committee Chitra Nayak Chairperson The ESG Committee (“the Committee”) was constituted with effect from April 14, 2021. Infosys is one of the first Indian companies to have a voluntary independent Board-level ESG Committee to oversee the Company’s ESG priorities. The Committee comprises only independent directors. As on March 31, 2025, the Committee comprised: 1. Chitra Nayak, Chairperson 2. Govind Iyer 3. Helene Auriol Potier Objectives and responsibilities of the Committee Committee governance 1. Guide the creation of the ESG vision and ambitions of the The main responsibility of the ESG Committee is to guide the Company and continuously review updates and progress on ESG journey of the Company embarked from 2011. The ESG the ESG vision and goals, thereon. Committee Charter can be accessed at https://www.infosys.com/ investors/corporate-governance/documents/environment-social- 2. Review the ESG Operations Council and its working. The governance-committee-charter.pdf Committee may form and delegate authority to sub- committees as and when appropriate. The Company’s ESG Vision 2030 and ESG report 3. Ensure that the Company is taking appropriate measures to 2025 can be accessed at undertake and implement actions to further its ESG vision and https://www.infosys.com/content/dam/infosys-web/en/about/ ambitions. corporate-responsibility/esg-vision-2030/index.html 4. Review statutory requirements for sustainability reporting, https://www.infosys.com/sustainability/documents/infosys- e.g. Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (BRSR) esg-report-2024-25.pdf and guide Infosys’ leadership on global ESG assessments. 5. Obtain advice and assistance from internal or external experts, The ESG Committee met four times during fiscal 2025. advisors. 6. Review and reassess the adequacy of the ESG Committee Charter periodically and recommend any proposed changes to the Board for approval. Composition and attendance 100% 3 4 100% Independence Members Meetings Attendance Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 125 Corporate governance report Attendance details of the ESG Committee ESG Committee meeting Committee meeting details Held during Attended % Name of the member 1 2 3 4 tenure April 10, 2024 July 11, 2024 October 11, 2024 January 14, 2025 Chitra Nayak 4 4 100 4 4 100 Govind Iyer Helene Auriol Potier 4 4 100 % Attendance 100 100 100 100 Present Attended through video call ESG Committee report for the year ended March 31, 2025 Key highlights of the activities of the Committee during the year Frequency Made regular reports to the Board regarding its actions and made recommendations to the Board as appropriate Q Reviewed the ESG Operations Council and its working Q Reviewed and took note of the progress of ESG ambitions 2030 and responsible supply chain program P Reviewed client engagements on climate actions and sustainability through the Company’s sustainability offerings and solutions P Reviewed required compliance with climate change regulations across various jurisdictions, applicable to the Company A Reviewed the Company’s position with respect to global ESG assessments and provided directions to address gaps Q Monitored the Company’s actions on diversity, equity and inclusion P Frequency A Annually Q Quarterly P Periodically Sd/- Bengaluru Chitra Nayak Chairperson April 15, 2025 DIN: 09101763 126 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Risk Management Committee D. Sundaram Chairperson The Risk Management Committee (“the Committee”) comprises only independent directors. As on March 31, 2025, the Committee comprised: 5. Govind Iyer 1. D. Sundaram, Chairperson 6. Helene Auriol Potier 2. Michael Gibbs 7. Nitin Paranjpe 3. Bobby Parikh 4. Chitra Nayak Objectives and responsibilities of the Committee 8. To review and reassess the adequacy of the Risk Management The primary objectives of the Committee are: Committee Charter periodically and recommend any 1. To assist the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities proposed changes to the Board for approval with regard to the identification, evaluation and mitigation of 9. To ensure access to any internal information necessary to strategic, operational, and external environment risks fulfil its oversight role and obtain advice and assistance from 2. To monitor and approve the enterprise risk management internal or external legal, accounting or other advisors framework and associated practices of the Company 10. To appoint, remove and approve terms of remuneration of the 3. To periodically assess risks to the effective execution of Chief Risk Officer business strategy and review key leading indicators in this regard Committee governance 4. To periodically review the risk management processes and The Committee comprises only independent directors and fulfills practices of the Company and ensure that the Company is the requirements of: taking the appropriate measures to achieve prudent balance • Risk Management Committee Charter between risk and reward in both ongoing and new business activities • Regulation 21 of the Listing Regulations 5. To evaluate significant risk exposures of the Company and • NYSE guidelines, as applicable assess the Management’s actions to mitigate the exposures in Committee Charter a timely manner 6. To evaluate risks related to cybersecurity and ensure The Risk Management Committee Charter is available on the appropriate procedures are in place to mitigate these risks in a Company’s website, at timely manner https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-governance/ 7. To coordinate its activities with the Audit Committee in documents/risk-management-committee-charter.pdf. instances where there is any overlap with audit activities The Committee met four times during fiscal 2025. Composition and attendance 100% 7 4 100% Independence Members Meetings Attendance Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 127 Corporate governance report Attendance details of the Risk Management Committee Risk Management Committee meeting Committee meeting details Held during Attended % Name of the member 1 2 3 4 tenure April 9, 2024 July 11, 2024 October 10, 2024 January 14, 2025 D. Sundaram 4 4 100 Michael Gibbs 4 4 100 Bobby Parikh 4 4 100 Chitra Nayak 4 4 100 4 4 100 Govind Iyer Helene Auriol Potier 4 4 100 4 4 100 Nitin Paranjpe % Attendance 100 100 100 100 Present Attended through video call Risk Management Committee report for the year ended March 31, 2025 Key highlights of the activities of the Committee during the year Frequency Reviewed the risks arising due to evolving macro‐economic and geopolitical scenarios in the markets we operate in P Reviewed risks, opportunities and mitigation actions to reputation, competitive landscape, gen AI, currency movements, global P capability centers and regulatory environment Reviewed and reassessed the adequacy of the Committee’s charter and recommended any proposed changes to the Board for A approval Reviewed service delivery risks and mitigations in critical client engagements P Reviewed client credit risk Q Reviewed the risks to the achievement of ESG goals A Reviewed the cybersecurity-related risks, mitigations and oversight of the Cybersecurity Risk Sub‐committee Q Reviewed the Company’s information security and data privacy policies, incident policy, related system controls, GDPR and P similar regulatory requirements, risks and progress of mitigation actions Submitted regular reports and recommendations to the Board with respect to risk management and mitigation procedures Q Undertook an annual performance evaluation of its own effectiveness A Frequency A Annually Q Quarterly P Periodically Sd/- Bengaluru D. Sundaram Chairperson April 9, 2025 DIN: 00016304 128 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Cybersecurity Risk Sub-committee Michael Gibbs Chairperson and Cybersecurity expert The Cybersecurity Risk Sub-committee (“the Sub-committee”) comprises only independent directors. As on March 31, 2025, the Sub- committee comprised: 1. Michael Gibbs, Chairperson and Cybersecurity expert 2. D. Sundaram 3. Govind Iyer 4. Chitra Nayak Committee governance cybersecurity-related risks and the preparedness of the Company to mitigate and react to such risks. The Sub-committee meets The Risk Management Committee constituted a Cybersecurity periodically and recommends its findings, if any, to the Risk Risk Sub-committee in April 2019. This Sub-committee was Management Committee. voluntarily constituted to focus on cybersecurity-related The Sub-committee met four times during fiscal 2025. threats. The objective of the Sub-committee is to assess Composition and attendance 100% 4 4 100% Independence Members Meetings Attendance Attendance details of the Cybersecurity Risk Sub-committee Cybersecurity Risk Sub-committee meeting Committee meeting details Held Attended % during Name of the member 1 2 3 4 tenure April 8, 2024 July 10, 2024 October 10, 2024 January 14, 2025 Michael Gibbs 4 4 100 D. Sundaram 4 4 100 Govind Iyer 4 4 100 Chitra Nayak 4 4 100 % Attendance 100 100 100 100 Present Attended through video call Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 129 Corporate governance report Cybersecurity Risk Sub-committee report for the year ended March 31, 2025 Key highlights of the activities of the Committee during the year Frequency Reviewed the security awareness initiatives, including targeted phishing mails, cybersecurity week, bootcamps, etc., along with P consequence management for violations Reviewed the progress of tech stack modernization and deployment, cloud security governance, subsidiary landscape, AI and P quantum computing Reviewed the external threat landscape and environment, vulnerability management, incident metrics, global ransomware P attacks, and Infosys’ preparedness, including crisis management and scenario analysis Reviewed the details of cybersecurity incidents and the progress of mitigation actions P Frequency A Annually Q Quarterly P Periodically Sd/- Dallas Michael Gibbs Chairperson April 9, 2025 DIN: 08177291 130 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Stakeholders Relationship Committee Michael Gibbs Chairperson The Stakeholders Relationship Committee (“the Committee”) comprises only independent directors. As on March 31, 2025, the Committee comprised: 1. Michael Gibbs, Chairperson 2. D. Sundaram 3. Bobby Parikh 4. Chitra Nayak The Board has appointed A.G.S. Manikantha, Company Secretary, as the Compliance Officer, as required under the Listing Regulations and the Nodal Officer to ensure compliance with the IEPF rules. Purpose of the Committee Committee governance The purpose of the Committee is to assist the Board and The Committee comprises four independent directors and the Company to oversee the various aspects of interests of performs the functions as required by: stakeholders of the Company. The term ‘stakeholder’ includes • Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules framed shareholders and other security holders. thereunder • Regulation 20 of the Listing Regulations and other Objectives and responsibilities of the Committee regulations and laws, as applicable • NYSE guidelines, as applicable The primary objectives of the Committee are to: • Stakeholders Relationship Committee Charter 1. Consider and resolve the security holders’ concerns or complaints Committee Charter 2. Monitor and review the investor service standards of the Company The Stakeholders Relationship Committee Charter is available 3. Take steps to develop an understanding of the views of on the Company’s website, at https://www.infosys.com/ shareholders about the Company, either through direct investors/corporate-governance/documents/stakeholders- face-to-face interaction, analysts’ briefings or survey of relationship-committee.pdf. shareholders 4. Oversee and review the engagement and communication plan with shareholders and ensure that the views and concerns of the shareholders are highlighted to the Board at the appropriate time and that steps are taken to address such concerns Composition and attendance 100% 4 4 100% Independence Members Meetings Attendance Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 131 Corporate governance report Attendance details of the Stakeholders Relationship Committee Stakeholders Relationship Committee meeting Committee meeting details Held during Attended % Name of the member 1 2 3 4 tenure April 8, 2024 July 10, 2024 October 11, 2024 January 14, 2025 Michael Gibbs 4 4 100 D. Sundaram 4 4 100 Bobby Parikh 4 4 100 Chitra Nayak 4 4 100 % Attendance 100 100 100 100 Present Attended through video call Complaints received and resolved during the year ended March 31, 2025 2024 2025 819 228 819 227 Received Resolved Stakeholders Relationship Committee report for the year ended March 31, 2025 Key highlights of the activities of the Committee during the year Frequency Monitored and reviewed the Company’s performance in dealing with stakeholder grievances A Reviewed various measures and initiatives taken for reducing the quantum of unclaimed dividends and timely receipt of P dividend warrants / annual reports / notices by the shareholders of the Company Reviewed the unclaimed dividend and equity shares transferred to the Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) pursuant to P the IEPF Rules Reviewed the annual audit report submitted by the Registrar & Share Transfer Agent’s (RTA) independent auditors on the annual A internal audit conducted on the RTA operations as mandated by SEBI Reviewed the measures taken for effective exercise of voting rights by shareholders A Reviewed the adherence to service standards and security assessments adopted in respect of various services being rendered by P the RTA Undertook an annual performance evaluation of its own effectiveness A Reviewed the Management’s investor / analyst interactions Q Reviewed the key investor relations updates Q Noted the investor awareness sessions conducted for employees by the Company in collaboration with National Stock Exchange P and SEBI Reviewed and recommended to the Board the amendments to the Code on Fair Disclosure and Investor Relations, Dividend P Distribution Policy and Committee Charter Frequency A Annually Q Quarterly P Periodically Sd/- Bengaluru Michael Gibbs Chairperson April 15, 2025 DIN: 08177291 132 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Fairness and excellence Two of the core values of our C-LIFE, fairness and excellence are evident in the workings of the Board, its evaluation and the compensation paid to the directors and the executive leadership. Board member evaluation Board and executive leadership compensation One of the key functions of the Board is to monitor and review Executive leadership compensation the Board evaluation framework. The Board works with the Our executive compensation programs encourage reward Nomination and Remuneration Committee to lay down the for performance. A significant portion of the executives’ evaluation criteria for the performance of the Chairman, the total rewards is tied to the delivery of long-term corporate Board, Board committees, and executive / non-executive / performance goals to align with the interests of the shareholders. independent directors through peer evaluation, excluding the As required under the Listing Regulations, the Nomination director being evaluated. and Remuneration Committee recommends to the Board the Independent directors have three key roles – governance, control payment of remuneration to the directors, KMP, and senior and guidance. Some performance indicators, based on which the management. The Nomination and Remuneration Policy of the independent directors are evaluated, include: Company is available on our website, at https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-governance/ • The ability to contribute to and monitor our corporate documents/nomination-remuneration-policy.pdf. governance practices • The ability to contribute by introducing international best Non-executive and non-independent chairman’s practices to address business challenges and risks compensation • Active participation in long-term strategic planning Nandan M. Nilekani, Chairman, voluntarily chose not to receive • Commitment to the fulfilment of a director’s obligations and any remuneration for his services rendered to the Company. fiduciary responsibilities; these include participation in Board and committee meetings. Independent directors’ compensation To improve the effectiveness of the Board and its committees, The compensation payable to the independent directors is as well as that of each individual director, a formal and rigorous limited to a fixed amount per year as determined and approved Board review is undertaken on an annual basis. by the Board, the sum of which does not exceed 1% of net profit for the year, calculated as per the provisions of the Companies The Board had engaged Egon Zehnder, a leadership advisory Act, 2013. The Board reviews the performance of independent firm on board matters, to conduct the Board evaluation for fiscal directors on an annual basis. 2025. The evaluation process focused on Board dynamics, softer aspects, committee effectiveness and information flow to the The Board, while deciding the basis for determining the Board or its committees, among other matters. The methodology compensation of the independent directors, takes various things included various techniques such as questionnaires, one-on- into consideration. These include global board compensation one discussions, etc. The aspects of succession planning and benchmarking, participation of individual directors in Board and committee composition were also considered. The Board committee meetings, other responsibilities, such as membership evaluation process was completed during fiscal 2025. During or chairmanship of committees, time spent in carrying out other the year, the recommendations of the previous year’s Board duties, roles and functions as prescribed in Schedule IV of the evaluation were discussed with the Board and individual Companies Act, 2013, Listing Regulations and such other factors feedback was provided. Progress on recommendations from last as the Board deems fit. year and the current year’s recommendations were discussed. 34th AGM held on June 22, 2015 approved Shareholders at the Further, the evaluation process was based on the affirmation a sum not exceeding 1% of the net profit of the Company per received from the independent directors that they met the annum, calculated in accordance with the provisions of Section independence criteria as required under the Companies Act 2013, 198 of the Companies Act, 2013, to be paid and distributed the Listing Regulations and the NYSE listing manual. among some or all of the non-executive directors of the Company in a manner decided by the Board. This payment will be made with respect to the profits of the Company for each year. Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 133 Corporate governance report The amount payable to the independent directors for the year non-executive directors received remuneration amounting to `17.68 ended March 31, 2025 is crore. Additionally, independent 50% of the total remuneration paid to non-executive directors directors are also reimbursed for expenses incurred in the during the year ended March 31, 2025. performance of their official duties. We confirm that none of the The aggregate amount of remuneration (commission) was arrived at using the following criteria: ` Particulars in US$ in crore Fixed Board fee 1.28 150,000 fee(1) Board / committee attendance 0.21 25,000 Non-executive chairman fee 2.56 300,000 Chairperson – Audit Committee 0.43 50,000 Members – Audit Committee 0.26 30,000 Chairperson – other committees 0.26 30,000 Members – other committees 0.17 20,000 meeting)(2) Travel fee (per 0.09 10,000 meeting)(3) Incidental fees (per 0.01 1,000 Lead Independent Director 0.26 30,000 `85.48 Notes: 1 US$ = as on March 31, 2025 The payment is subject to deduction of tax at source (TDS) as required by applicable tax laws. (1) The Company normally has five regular Board meetings in a year. Independent directors are expected to attend at least four quarterly Board meetings and the AGM. (2) For directors based overseas, the travel fee shown is per Board meeting. This is based on the fact that additional travel time of two days will have to be accommodated for independent directors to attend Board meetings in India. (3) For directors based overseas, incidental fees shown is per Board meeting. This fee is paid to independent directors for expenses incurred during their travel to attend Board meetings in India. The Board believes that the above compensation structure is commensurate with global best practices in terms of remunerating non- executive / independent directors of a company of similar size, and adequately compensates for the time and contribution made by our non-executive / independent directors. Indemnification agreements Materially significant related party transactions We have also entered into agreements to indemnify our directors There have been no materially significant related party and officers for claims brought against them to the fullest extent transactions that may have potential conflict with the interests permitted under applicable law. These agreements, among other of the listed entity at large as provided in the Related Party things, indemnify our directors and officers for certain expenses, Transactions Policy, which is available on our website, at judgments, fines and settlement amounts incurred by any such https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-governance/ person in any action or proceedings, including any action by or Documents/related-party-transaction-policy.pdf. in the right of the Company, arising out of such persons’ services During the year, the Company has obtained shareholders’ as our director or officer, expenses in relation to public relations approval for material related party transactions in accordance consultation, if required. with Regulation 23 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. The details of these Agreements binding listed entities transactions are available at Pursuant to Regulation 30A of the Listing Regulations, no https://www.bseindia.com/xml-data/corpfiling/AttachHis/ agreement has been entered or executed by the shareholders, e0a622f0-71e9-4868-836f-ec073491004e.pdf. promoters, promoter group entities, related parties, directors, key managerial personnel and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries during fiscal 2025. 134 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Remuneration to directors in fiscal 2025 ` (in crore) Commission Total Name of the director Fixed salary Bonus / Perquisites incentives / on account of Base Retiral Total fixed variable pay stock options salary benefits salary exercised(1)* (A) (B) (A+B) Non-executive and non-independent director Nilekani(2) – – – – – – – Nandan M. Executive director Parekh(3) 7.45 0.49 7.94 23.18 49.50 – 80.62 Salil Independent directors D. Sundaram – – – – – 2.86 2.86 Michael Gibbs – – – – – 3.16 3.16 Bobby Parikh – – – – – 2.27 2.27 Chitra Nayak – – – – – 2.81 2.81 Govind Iyer – – – – – 2.44 2.44 Helene Auriol Potier – – – – – 2.21 2.21 Nitin Paranjpe – – – – – 1.93 1.93 Notes: The details in the above table are on accrual basis. (1) In accordance with the definition of perquisites under the Income-tax Act, 1961, the remuneration includes the value of stock incentives only on those shares that have been exercised during the period. Accordingly, the value of stock incentives granted during the period is not included. The number of stock incentives granted in fiscal 2025 is mentioned in the notes below. Independent directors are not entitled to any stock incentives. (2) Nandan M. Nilekani voluntarily chose not to receive any remuneration for his services rendered to the Company. (3) a) Perquisites value of stock incentives on account of exercise of 3,06,276 Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) under the 2015 Plan and 39,141 RSUs under the 2019 Plan during fiscal 2025 b) On the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and as approved by the shareholders, in accordance with the terms of his employment agreement effective July 1, 2022, the Board approved i) the grant of 2,45,679 performance-based RSUs under the 2015 Plan effective May 2, 2024. These will vest based on the achievement of certain performance targets. ii) the grant of 14,140 performance-based RSUs under the 2015 Plan effective May 2, 2024. These will vest based on the achievement of certain environment, social and governance milestones as determined by the Board. iii) the grant of 35,349 performance-based RSUs under the 2015 Plan effective May 2, 2024. These will vest based on the achievement of the Company’s performance on cumulative relative TSR over the years and as determined by the Board. iv) the grant of 16,204 annual time-based RSUs for fiscal 2025 under the 2015 Plan effective February 1, 2025. These will vest over a period of three years. v) the grant of 70,699 performance-based RSUs for fiscal 2025 under the 2019 Plan effective May 2, 2024. These will vest based on the Company’s achievement of certain performance criteria as laid out in the 2019 Plan. These RSUs will vest in line with the employment agreement. * The RSUs were issued at par value. In accordance with the Listing Regulations, no employee, including key managerial personnel or senior management or director or promoter of a listed entity, shall enter into any agreement for himself or on behalf of any other person, with any shareholder or any other third party with regard to compensation or profit-sharing in connection with dealings in the securities of the Company, without prior approval from the Board as well as from shareholders by way of an ordinary resolution. No such instances were reported during fiscal 2025. Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 135 Corporate governance report Employment agreements with executive director Name of the director Effective date of Details of shareholders’ approval Website links executive employment on the agreements agreement Employment agreement including Salil Parekh, Chief Executive January 2, 2018 (initial The shareholders approved the key terms: Officer and Managing Director appointment) and July 1, initial appointment and key terms https://www.infosys.com/investors/ 2022 (reappointment) of the agreement vide postal reports-filings/documents/ ballot concluded on February 20, ceo-executive-employment- 2018 and amended the terms of agreement2022.pdf remuneration as per the resolution and passed at the AGM dated June 22, https://www.infosys.com/investors/ 2019. Further, the shareholders reports-filings/Documents/ approved the reappointment CEO-executive-employment- of Salil Parekh including revised agreement2018.pdf remuneration payable to him at 41st AGM held on June 25, 2022. AGM notice: the https://www.infosys.com/investors/ reports-filings/documents/agm- notice2019.pdf and https://www.infosys.com/investors/ reports-filings/documents/agm- notice2022.pdf ` Details of total fees paid to statutory auditors (in crore) The details of total fees for all services paid by the Company and Type of service Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, to the statutory auditor (1) Audit fees 29 25 and all entities in the network firm / network entity of which the Tax fees 2 2 statutory auditor is a part, are as follows: 1 2 Others Total 32 29 (1) Includes audit and audit-related services Particulars of senior management The particulars of senior management as per Regulation 16(1) (d) of the Listing Regulations including the changes during the fiscal 2025 are as follows: Name Designation Name Designation Anand Swaminathan Segment Head – Communication, Kannan Amaresh Industry Head – Insurance Media and Technology Karmesh Gul Vaswani Segment Head – Arun Kumar H.R. Head – Business Strategy, CPG, Logistics & Retail Planning and Operations Satish H.C. Chief Delivery Officer Ashiss Kumar Dash Segment Head – Energy, Utilities, Shaji Mathew Chief Human Resources Officer Resources and Services Sumit Virmani Chief Marketing Officer Dennis Kantilal Gada Segment Head – Banking and Subhro Mallik Industry Head – Life Sciences Financial Services Venkateshwaran Ananthakrishnan Industry Head – Healthcare Dinesh R. Chief Delivery Officer Changes during fiscal 2025 Inderpreet Sawhney Chief Legal Officer and Chief Compliance Officer Senior management personnel Effective date Jasmeet Singh Segment Head – Manufacturing Resignations Jayesh Sanghrajka Chief Financial Officer Hemant Lamba September 30, 2024 Manikantha A.G.S. Company Secretary 136 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Integrity and transparency & Relationship with stakeholders Our Company upholds integrity and transparency in all transactions and communications with stakeholders. Our stakeholders are our partners in our journey to sustained value creation and therefore, our relationship with stakeholders and clear communication with them is at the center of all disclosures and reports. Corporate Infosys was incorporated in Pune, in 1981, as Infosys Consultants The share data mentioned before is unadjusted for stock split Private Limited, a private limited company under the Companies and bonus shares. In July 2003, June 2005 and November Act, 1956. In 1983, the corporate headquarters were relocated 2006, we issued secondary-sponsored American Depositary to Bengaluru. The name of the Company was changed to Receipts (ADRs) of US$294 million, US$1.1 billion and US$1.6 Infosys Technologies Private Limited in April 1992 and to Infosys billion, respectively. Technologies Limited in June 1992, when the Company became a During fiscal 2012, the name of the Company was changed public limited company. We made an Initial Public Offering (IPO) from Infosys Technologies Limited to Infosys Limited to mark in February 1993 and were listed on stock exchanges in India in the transition from being a technology services provider to a June 1993. Trading opened at ₹145 per share, compared to the business transformation partner to our clients. IPO price of ₹95 per share. In October 1994, we made a private placement of 5,50,000 shares at ₹450 each to Foreign Institutional During fiscal 2013, we delisted our ADSs from NASDAQ, and listed Investors (FIIs), Financial Institutions (FIs) and body corporates. them in the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), Euronext London and Euronext Paris. During fiscal 2019, the Company voluntarily On March 11, 1999, Infosys listed on NASDAQ, becoming the delisted from Euronext London and Paris due to low trading first Indian company to do so. We issued 20,70,000 American volume. Infosys equity shares and ADSs are listed on NSE and BSE Depositary Shares (ADSs) (equivalent to 10,35,000 equity shares in India and in NYSE, respectively, under the symbol “INFY”. of par value ₹10 each) at US$34 per ADS under the ADS Program, and these ADSs were listed on the NASDAQ National Market. Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 137 Corporate governance report Bonus issues and stock split 18,000 16,384 16,000 14,000 12,000 s e ar 10,000 h s 8,192 of 8,000 o. N 6,000 4,096 4,000 2,048 2,000 1,024 256 128 8 64 1 2 4 16 32 0 Prior to 1986 1989 1991 1992 1994 1997 1999 2000 2005 2007 2015 2016 2019 1986 Stock Bonus Bonus Bonus Bonus Bonus Bonus Bonus Bonus Bonus Bonus Bonus Bonus Split 2:1 1:1 1:1 1:1 1:1 1:1 1:1 1:1 3:1 1:1 1:1 1:1 1:1 Corporate action Note: The above graph depicts the increase in the number of Infosys shares as a result of the Company’s bonus issues over the years and a stock split in 2000 in the ratio of 2:1. For example, if the investor / shareholder held one share in 1986 prior to the bonus issue and continued to hold it, he would have 16,384 shares today owing to the bonus share issues and stock split. Dividend for fiscal 2025 Total Dividend Dividend cycle Final 2024-25 Dividend cycle Interim 2024-25 Record date May 30, 2025 `21.00 `22.00 `43.00 Record date Oct 29, 2024 Payout date June 30, 2025 Payout date Nov 08, 2024 Unclaimed dividend Members wishing to claim dividends that remain unclaimed are requested to correspond with the Registrar & Share Transfer Agent (RTA), KFin Technologies Limited, Unit: Infosys Limited, Selenium Tower B, Plot 31-32, Financial District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally Mandal, Hyderabad-500 032 and e-mail at einward.ris@kfintech.com., or with the Company Secretary, at the Company’s registered office or at investors@infosys.com. Members are requested to note that dividends that are not claimed within seven years from the date of transfer to the Company’s Unpaid Dividend Account, will be transferred to the Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) as per Section 124 of the Act, read with the Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016 (“the Rules”), as amended. Further, the Rules mandate that the shares on which dividend has not been claimed / encashed for seven consecutive years or more be transferred to the IEPF. Additionally the company has not transferred or hold any Equity shares in the Demat suspense account or unclaimed suspense account. 138 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 The following table provides a list of years for which unclaimed dividends and their corresponding shares would become eligible to be transferred to the IEPF on the dates mentioned below: (`)(2) Year Type of dividend Dividend per Date of declaration Due date Amount (`)(1) share for transfer 2017 - 2018 Final & Special 30.50 June 23, 2018 July 24, 2025 3,76,49,562 2018 - 2019 Interim 7.00 October 16, 2018 November 14, 2025 1,58,02,634 2018 - 2019 Special 4.00 January 11, 2019 February 10, 2026 94,39,292 2018 - 2019 Final 10.50 June 22, 2019 July 21, 2026 2,28,19,986 2019 - 2020 Interim 8.00 October 11, 2019 November 11, 2026 1,96,77,377 2019 - 2020 Final 9.50 June 27, 2020 July 28, 2027 2,04,10,099 2020 - 2021 Interim 12.00 October 14, 2020 November 17, 2027 2,44,11,971 2020 - 2021 Final 15.00 June 19, 2021 July 20, 2028 2,57,73,640 2021 - 2022 Interim 15.00 October 13, 2021 November 16, 2028 2,99,63,863 2021 - 2022 Final 16.00 June 25, 2022 July 25, 2029 2,99,14,301 2022 - 2023 Interim 16.50 October 13, 2022 November 13, 2029 2,76,67,198 2022 - 2023 Final 17.50 June 28, 2023 July 27, 2030 2,77,36,471 2023 - 2024 Interim 18.00 October 12, 2023 November 12, 2030 2,69,02,501 2023 - 2024 Final & Special 28.00 June 26, 2024 July 26, 2031 7,66,03,502 2024 - 2025 Interim 21.00 October 17, 2024 November 19, 2031 5,46,26,758 (1) (2) Not adjusted for bonus issue Amount unclaimed as on March 31, 2025 In order to educate the shareholders and with an intent to protect their rights, the Company also sends regular reminders to shareholders to claim their unclaimed dividends / shares before it is transferred to the IEPF. Shareholders may note that both the unclaimed dividends and corresponding shares transferred to the IEPF, including all benefits accruing on such shares, if any, can be claimed from the IEPF following the procedure prescribed in the Rules. No claim shall lie in respect thereof with the Company. Dividend remitted to the IEPF during the last three years Year Type of dividend Dividend declared on Date of transfer to IEPF Amount transferred to IEPF 2024-25 Interim 2017-18 October 24, 2017 January 2, 2025 1,86,24,606 2024-25 Final 2016-17 June 24, 2017 December 19, 2024 1,68,26,033 2023-24 Interim 2016-17 October 14, 2016 November 20, 2023 1,08,18,665 2023-24 Final 2015-16 June 18, 2016 July 17, 2023 1,42,14,062 2022-23 Interim 2015-16 October 12, 2015 November 17, 2022 1,03,63,320 2022-23 Final 2014-15 June 22, 2015 July 22, 2022 1,39,48,102 Shares transferred to the IEPF During the financial year, the Company transferred 13,552 shares on November 8, 2024, and 37,690 shares on March 25, 2025, to the Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) in accordance with the applicable Rules, due to dividends remaining unclaimed for seven consecutive years. The Company also received applications from shareholders seeking to reclaim shares previously transferred to the IEPF. In response, the IEPF processed and settled claims relating to 1,18,765 shares, returning them to the respective shareholders. As of March 31, 2025, the IEPF holds a total of 7,12,825 shares transferred under the said Rules. Additionally, during the year, the Company transferred an amount of ₹3,46,92,959 to the IEPF, representing corporate benefits (dividends) accrued on shares already transferred. Schedule of events 44th Annual General Meeting https://agm. https:// June 25, 2025 Video conference June 20, 2025 to onwingspan.com www.infosys.com/ Wednesday and other June 24, 2025 /InfosysAGM Investors/ 4:00 p.m. IST audio-visual means Participation through Webcast and E-voting dates Date and time Mode video-conferencing transcripts Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 139 Corporate governance report Financial calendar The Company’s financial year begins on April 1 and ends on March 31. Our tentative calendar for declaration of results for the financial year 2025-26 are as follows: Quarter ending Jun 30, 2025 Sep 30, 2025 Dec 31, 2025 Mar 31, 2026 Board meeting and earnings release date Jul 23, 2025 Oct 16, 2025 Jan 14, 2026 Apr 16, 2026 Jun 16, 2025 to Sep 16, 2025 to Dec 16, 2025 to Mar 16, 2026 to Trading window closure Jul 27, 2025 Oct 19, 2025 Jan 18, 2026 Apr 19, 2026 Investor awareness mode to dematerialize their shares. Shareholders holding shares in dematerialized mode have been requested to register We have provided a synopsis of the rights and responsibilities their email address, bank account details and mobile number of shareholders on our website, at https://www.infosys.com/ with their depository participants. Those holding shares in investors/shareholder-services/pages/faqs.aspx. physical mode have been requested to furnish PAN, nomination, contact details, bank account details and specimen signature Share transfer system for their corresponding folios. Shareholders may contact SEBI, effective April 01, 2019, barred physical transfer of shares of the RTA at, einward.ris@kfintech.com and also refer details listed companies and mandated transfers only through demat. at https://www.infosys.com/investors/shareholder-services/ However, investors are not barred from holding shares in physical investors-service.html. form. We request shareholders whose shares are in physical Investor conferences / events held in fiscal 2025 Infosys holds press meets and investor / analyst calls after every quarterly results announcement, which is accessible to all the shareholders and general public. The Company also holds its Annual General Meeting, which is accessible to all the shareholders. The details of these are sent to the stock exchanges and updated on the website. Infosys also participates in various sell-side / broker- arranged investor conferences and roadshows where the Management / Company representatives interact with investors in one-on-one or group meetings. The details of such participation are sent to the exchanges and updated on the website. 9 2 8 1 11 1 11 1 Total Total Total Total 11 9 12 12 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Company events Conferences / Non-deal roadshow Shareholders may note that the share transfers, dividend Investor grievances and investor contacts payments and all other investor-related activities are attended to We have a Board-level Stakeholders Relationship Committee to and processed at the office of the Company’s RTA. examine and redress complaints by shareholders and investors. The status of complaints is reported to the entire Board. The For any grievances / complaints, shareholders may contact the Stakeholders Relationship Committee meets as often as required RTA, KFin Technologies Limited at einward.ris@kfintech.com. to resolve shareholder grievances. For any escalations, shareholders may write to the Company at investors@infosys.com and for queries on dividend tax, write We attended to most of the investors’ grievances and postal / to us on dividend.tax@infosys.com. For addresses and contact electronic communications within a period of seven days from details for investor queries, RTA, depositary banks, depositories the date of receipt of such grievances. The exceptions have been for equity shares in India and stock exchanges, refer to for cases constrained by disputes or legal impediments. the Investor contacts. 140 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Company shares-related disputes / litigation Commodity price risk or foreign exchange risk and hedging activities There are certain pending civil cases involving rival claims made by parties seeking declaration of title and accrued benefits The Company does not deal in commodities and hence the of the Company’s disputed shares. Since the disputed shares disclosure pursuant to SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/ relate to the Company, Infosys Limited and the Company’s RTA, PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024 is not applicable. KFin Technologies Limited are made pro forma defendants For details of foreign exchange risk and hedging activities, refer in these litigation matters. However, these matters are to Form 20-F which is available at not material in nature. https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/annual- report/annual-reports.html. Share capital Fresh issue – ESOP Holding as on March 31, 2025 Holding as on March 31, 2024 415,08,67,464 23,95,991 415,32,63,455 Category-wise shareholding as on March 31, 2025 Foreign Portfolio Investors 29.40% 122,11,50,076 Others 4.57% 18,98,88,914 Mutual Funds Total 18.28% Insurance Companies 75,93,48,185 13.64% 415,32,63,455 56,64,25,252 Resident Individuals (Public) Promoters & Promoter Group 13.05% 10.47% 43,45,61,064 54,20,29,249 American Depositary Receipts 10.59% 43,98,60,715 Listing on stock exchanges The listing fees for fiscal 2025 have been paid for all of the stock Codes India Global exchanges in India and overseas. NSE BSE NYSE ISIN Code for ADS: US4567881085 Exchange INFY INFY INFY ISIN Code for Indian equity shares: INE009A01021 Reuters INFY.NS INFY.BO INFY.K Bloomberg INFO IS INFO IB INFY US Dematerialization of shares and liquidity 99.92% (1) Shareholders Shares 25,46,234 415,32,63,455 % to total 0.08% equity 414,98,54,668 25,46,003 34,08,787 231 Demat mode Physical mode (1) The number of shareholders are based on PAN as on March 31, 2025. Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 141 Corporate governance report Shareholders holding more than 1% of the shares as on March 31, 2025 The details of shareholders (non-promoters and non-ADR holders) holding more than 1% (PAN-based) of the equity as on March 31, 2025 are as follows: Name of the shareholder % (percentage of holding) No. of shares 38,81,12,531 9.34 Life Insurance Corporation of India 17,55,89,470 4.23 SBI Mutual Fund 11,31,05,512 2.72 ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund 7,34,58,087 1.77 HDFC Mutual Fund 7,17,43,431 1.73 NPS Trust 7,00,76,191 1.69 UTI Mutual Fund 5,47,59,143 1.32 Nippon India Mutual Fund 5,20,64,853 1.25 Government of Singapore 5,04,48,430 1.21 SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 4,97,07,705 1.20 Vanguard Total International Stock Index Fund 4,49,40,174 1.08 Government Pension Fund Global Vanguard Emerging Markets Stock Index Fund, 4,48,70,622 1.08 A Series of Vanguard International Equity Index Fund 4,31,44,826 1.04 Kotak Mahindra Mutual Fund Distribution of shareholding as on March 31, 2025 No. of shares held No. of holders % to holders % to equity No. of shares 1,95,179 1-1 1,95,179 7.67 0.00 8,52,897 49,87,990 2-10 0.12 33.5 8,20,163 2,21,25,532 0.53 11-50 32.21 2,85,965 2,21,61,311 51-100 0.53 11.23 1,81,115 2,70,31,736 101-200 7.11 0.65 1,23,806 3,96,57,395 201-500 0.96 4.86 44,476 0.77 3,19,91,504 501-1,000 1.75 31,594 6,39,26,438 1.54 1,001-5,000 1.24 4,453 3,11,51,547 0.75 5,001-10,000 0.17 6,586 391,00,34,823 94.15 10,001 and above 0.26 25,46,234 100 100 Total 415,32,63,455 142 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Outstanding ADSs / GDRs / warrants or any convertible • Quarterly and annual financial statements, standalone and consolidated, along with segmental information, are also instruments posted on our website, at Our ADSs, as evidenced by ADRs, are traded in the US on the https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/. NYSE under the ticker symbol ‘INFY’. The currency of trade of ADS • Earnings calls with analysts and investors are broadcast live in the US is USD. Each ADS is represented by one equity share. on our website and their transcripts are also published on The ADRs evidencing ADSs began trading on the NYSE, New the website. The proceedings of the AGM are webcast live York, from December 12, 2012. As on March 31, 2025, there were for shareholders across the world. The AGM presentations, 130,339 record holders of ADRs evidencing 43,98,60,715 ADSs. transcripts and video archives are available on our website, at The Company does not have any outstanding GDRs / warrants or https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/. any convertible instruments as on March 31, 2025. • Form 20-F, filed annually with the SEC, also contains detailed Credit ratings disclosures and is made available on our website, at https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/annual- There has been no change in the credit ratings of Infosys from report.html. any of the agencies during the year. • Other information, such as press releases, stock exchange Rating agency Rating Outlook disclosures and presentations made to investors and analysts, etc., is regularly updated on the Company’s website. The Moody’s Baa1 Stable shareholders can also visit www.sec.gov where the investors Standard & Poor’s A Stable can view statutory filings of the Company with the SEC. Dun & Bradstreet 5A1 Condition: Strong Registered office and global locations CRISIL AAA Stable The address of our registered office is Electronics City, Hosur Road, Bengaluru 560100, Karnataka, India. Shareholders Our operations are spread across 292 locations in 59 countries. Communication to the shareholders We do not have any manufacturing plants, but have The Company ensures that the following filings and reports development centers and offices in India and overseas. are available on its website: Visit https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/ documents/global-presence2025.pdf for details related to • The quarterly report, along with additional information and our global locations. official news releases, are posted on our website, at https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/. The Subsidiaries reports contain select financial data extracted from the As on March 31, 2025, we have 30 direct subsidiaries and 76 audited consolidated financial statements under the IFRS and step-down subsidiaries. The Company does not have any Ind AS. The quarterly / annual results are generally published material subsidiary. in at least one English language national daily newspaper circulating in the whole or substantially the whole of India (Business Standard) and in one regional daily newspaper circulating in Karnataka (Prajavani). Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 143 Corporate governance report General body meetings The details of the special resolutions passed during the last three Annual and / or Extraordinary General Meetings are as follows: Year ended Date and time Venue Special resolution passed Web link for webcast / transcripts 43rd AGM: June 26, Held through video 1. Nil https://www.infosys. March 31, 2024 at 4 p.m. IST conferencing / com/investors/news- 2024 other audio-visual events/annual-general- means meeting/2024/agm-2024- transcript.pdf 42nd AGM: June 28, Held through video 1. Appointment of Helene Auriol Potier as an https://www.infosys. March 31, 2023 at 4 p.m. IST conferencing / Independent Director of the Company com/investors/news- 2023 other audio-visual 2. Reappointment of Bobby Parikh as an events/annual-general- means Independent Director meeting/2023/agm-2023- transcript.pdf 41st AGM: June 25, Held through video 1. Reappointment of D. Sundaram as an https://www.infosys. March 31, 2022 at 4 p.m. IST conferencing / Independent Director com/investors/news- 2022 other audio-visual events/annual-general- means meeting/2022/agm-2022- transcript.pdf Extraordinary General Meeting No extraordinary general meeting of the members was held during fiscal 2025. Postal ballot During the financial year, the following ordinary resolutions were passed by the shareholders by the requisite majority by way of postal ballot through e-voting. Date of postal Resolution passed Voting results Approval date Scrutinizer ballot notice Voting in favour: 99.93% November 26, 2024 Hemanth, Holla & Co., (Membership October 17, Material Related Party No. FCS 6374) (CP No. 6519) 2024 Transactions between Infosys Voting against: 0.07% Practicing Company Secretaries. Limited and its subsidiaries with Stater N.V Voting in favour: 99.93% Material Related Party Transactions between Infosys Voting against: 0.07% Limited and its subsidiaries with Stater Nederland B.V. The voting results are made available on our website at https://www.infosys.com/investors/shareholder-services/postal-ballot.html. Procedure for postal ballot The postal ballot was carried out as per the provisions of Sections 108 and 110 and other applicable provisions of the Act, read with the Rules framed thereunder and applicable circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs from time to time. Details of special resolution proposed to be transacted through postal ballot None of the businesses proposed to be transacted at the ensuing AGM requires passing of a special resolution through postal ballot. 144 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Legal compliance In everything we do, we comply with the law of the land. All disclosures and policies to this effect, including details of non-compliance, regulatory orders, certifications and complaints, are made available in this corporate governance report. Details of non-compliance Prevention of insider trading No penalty has been imposed by any stock exchange, SEBI or The Company has amended the Code of Conduct for Prohibition SEC, nor has there been any instance of non-compliance with any of Insider Trading (“the Code”) and Code on Fair Disclosures legal requirements, or on matters relating to the capital market and Investor Relations effective April 17, 2025. The policy over the last three years. and procedures are framed to regulate, monitor and report trading by the Designated Persons along with their Immediate Relative(s) and for other aspects under the SEBI (Prohibition Regulatory orders of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, such as inquiry in case There were no material regulatory orders pertaining to the of leak of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information (UPSI) or Company for fiscal 2025, except for the Settlement order dated suspected leak of UPSI is forming part of the Code, which June 26, 2024 in respect of Settlement Application filed by Salil is available on our website, at https://www.infosys.com/ Parekh, CEO & MD of the Company. The details of the order are investors/corporate-governance/documents/code-conduct- disclosed at https://www.infosys.com/investors/documents/ prohibition-insider-trading.pdf. company-statement-sebi-27jun2024.pdf. Compliance with discretionary requirements CEO and CFO certification The Company has also ensured the implementation of non- As required by the Listing Regulations, the CEO and CFO mandatory items such as: certification is provided in this Integrated Annual Report. • Separate posts of Chairman, and CEO & MD, with the provision for reimbursement of expenses in the performance Code of Conduct and Ethics of official duties In compliance with the Listing Regulations and the Companies • The Company has appointed a non-executive chairperson Act, 2013, the Company has adopted the Code of Conduct and who is not related to the CEO & MD. Ethics (“the Code”). The Code is applicable to the members of the Board, the executive officers and all employees of the Company • The Company has provided a separate office within the and its subsidiaries, and is available on our website, at https:// Company premises for the Chairman. www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-governance/documents/ • Unmodified audit opinions / reporting codeofconduct.pdf. All members of the Board, the executive • Internal auditor reporting directly to the Audit Committee officers and senior management have affirmed compliance to the Code as on March 31, 2025. A declaration to this effect is part Other disclosures and affirmations of the CEO and CFO certification. • The Company has complied with the corporate governance requirements as per Regulation 17 to 27 and website Establishment of vigil / whistleblower mechanism disclosure requirements as per Regulation 46(2) of the Listing The Company has established a mechanism for directors and Regulations. employees to report concerns about unethical behaviour, actual • The securities of the Company were not suspended from or suspected fraud, or violation of the Code. It also provides for trading anytime during fiscal 2025. adequate safeguards against the victimization of employees who Certificate of non-disqualification of directors avail the mechanism and allows direct access to the chairperson of the Audit Committee in exceptional cases. During the year, Makarand M. Joshi of Makarand M. Joshi & Co., Company no person was denied access to the Audit Committee. The Secretaries, has issued a certificate as required under the Listing Whistleblower Policy is available on our website, at Regulations, confirming that none of the directors on the Board https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-governance/ of the Company has been debarred or disqualified from being documents/whistleblower-policy.pdf. appointed or continuing as director of companies by the SEBI / Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such statutory authority. The Complaints pertaining to sexual harassment certificate is enclosed with this section as Annexure A. The details of complaints filed, disposed of and pending during Auditors’ certificate on corporate governance the financial year pertaining to sexual harassment are provided in the Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report of this The auditor’s certificate on corporate governance is provided as Integrated Annual Report. Annexure 4 to the Board’s report. Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 145 Corporate governance report Annexure A: Certificate of non-disqualification of directors C E R T I F I C A T E [Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C Clause (10)(i) of the Securities Exchange and Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015] To, The Members, Infosys Limited Electronics City, Hosur Road, Bengaluru-560100, Karnataka, India We have examined the relevant disclosures provided by the Directors (as enlisted in Table A); to M/s Infosys Limited, bearing CIN: L85110KA1981PLC013115; having registered office at Electronics City, Hosur Road, Bangalore, Karnataka-560100, India (hereinafter referred to as ‘the Company’) for the purpose of issuing this Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para C Clause 10 (i) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. In our opinion and to the best of our knowledge and based on the following: i. Documents available on the website of the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (‘MCA’); ii. Verification of Directors Identification Number (‘DIN’) status at the website of the MCA; iii. Disclosures provided by the Directors (as enlisted in Table A) to the Company; and iv. Debarment list of BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited. We hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company (as enlisted in Table A) have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of the company by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, MCA or any such other statutory authority as on March 31, 2025. Table A Sr. No. Name of the Directors Director Identification Number (DIN) Date of appointment in the Company 1. Nandan M. Nilekani 00041245 August 24, 2017 2. Salil Parekh 01876159 January 02, 2018 3. D. Sundaram 00016304 July 14, 2017 4. Michael Gibbs 08177291 July 13, 2018 5. Bobby Parikh 00019437 July 15, 2020 6. Chitra Nayak 09101763 March 25, 2021 7. Govind Iyer 00169343 January 12, 2023 8. Helene Auriol Potier 10166891 May 26, 2023 9. Nitin Paranjpe 00045204 January 01, 2024 For Makarand M. Joshi & Co. Company Secretaries Sd/- Place: Mumbai Makarand M. Joshi Date: April 17, 2025 Partner FCS No. 5533 CP No. 3662 PR: 6290 / 2024 UDIN: F005533G000134090 146 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Statutory reports Investor contacts For queries relating to financial statements For queries relating to business responsibility report and Sustainability Report Amrita Srikanth Aruna C. Newton VP – Head – Technical Accounting Group VP – Head – Diversity and Inclusion Tel: +91 80 4116 8666 Tel: +91 80 2852 0261 Email : amrita.s@infosys.com Email: arunacnewton@infosys.com Investor correspondence Registrar and share transfer agents Sandeep Mahindroo KFin Technologies Limited SVP – Financial Controller and Head – Investor Relations Selenium Tower B, Plot Nos. 31 & 32, Tel : +91 80 3980 1018 Financial District, Nanakramguda, Email : sandeep_mahindroo@infosys.com Serilingampally Mandal, Hyderabad – 500032, India For queries relating to shares / dividend / compliance A.G.S. Manikantha Contact person VP – Company Secretary C. Shobha Anand Vice President Tel: +91 80 4116 7775 Email: investors@infosys.com KFin Technologies Limited Toll Free Number +1800-309-4001 Email: einward.ris@kfintech.com Depositary bank (ADS) United States Custodian in India (ADS) Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas ICICI Bank Limited Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas ICICI Bank Limited Corporate Bank - Depositary Receipts Securities Market Services Floor 4S, 1 Columbus Circle 1st Floor, Empire Complex, 414, New York NY, USA 10019 Senapati Bapat Marg, Tel: +1 212 250 2500 Lower Parel, Mumbai 400 013, Maharashtra, India. Tel: +91 98210 21853 India Deutsche Bank AG Deutsche Bank AG, Filiale Mumbai Corporate Bank – Depositary Receipts The Capital, C-70, G Block Bandra Kurla Complex, Mumbai 400 051, India Tel: +91 22 7180 6184 Depository for equity shares in India National Securities Depository Limited Central Depository Services (India) Limited 3rd Floor, Naman Chambers, 301, Marathon Futurex, A-Wing, Plot C-32, G-Block, 25th, 34th 35th & Floor, Mafatlal Mills Compound Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East, NM Joshi Marg, Lower Parel (East), Mumbai, Maharashtra - 400 051, India Mumbai 400013, India Tel: +91 022-48867000 Tel: 1800-21-09911 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 147 Investor contacts Addresses of stock exchanges In India Outside India National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. New York Stock Exchange Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 11 Wall Street, New York, NY 10005, US Bandra Kurla Complex, Tel: +1 212 656 3000 Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 Tel: +(022) 6864 5400 / 022 5099 8100 BSE Ltd. Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001, India Tel: +022 6654 5695 148 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Statutory reports Risk management report “Risks related to the geo-political changes, uncertainties in the economy, supply chain constraints, evolving regulations, technology disruption and cyber security have impacted businesses across the world during the fiscal year. Our enterprise risk management processes were instrumental in keeping the Company focused on our most important priorities toward all our stakeholders.” Deepak Bhalla EVP – Chief Risk Officer Note: The risk-related information outlined in this section may not be exhaustive. The discussion may contain statements that are forward looking in nature. Our business is subject to uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward looking statements. If any of the risks materializes, our business, financial conditions or prospects could be materially and adversely affected. Our business, operating results, financial performance, or prospects could also be harmed by risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material. Readers are advised to refer to the detailed discussion of risk factors and related disclosures in our regulatory filings and exercise their own judgment in assessing risks associated with the Company. Our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) function enables also enables the identification of underlying opportunities the achievement of the Company’s strategic objectives by during risk assessment, which are then further evaluated and identifying, analyzing, assessing, mitigating, monitoring, and actionized by the business. Our ERM framework encompasses governing any risk or potential threat to these objectives. While all of the Company’s risks – strategy and strategy execution; this is the key driver, our values, culture, and commitment to operational; legal and compliance risks. Any of these categories stakeholders – employees, customers, investors, regulatory can have internal or external dimensions. Hence, appropriate risk bodies, partners, and the community around us – are the indicators are used to identify these risks proactively. We take foundation for our ERM framework. The systematic and proactive cognizance of risks emanating internally or externally and their identification of risks, and mitigation thereof, enables our cumulative impact while framing our risk responses. organization to boost performance with effective and timely Emerging risks: Our ERM framework has defined a process to decision-making. Strategic decisions are taken after careful identify, assess, plan, and monitor risks emerging from internal consideration of primary risks, secondary risks, consequential and external environment which enables the Company to build risks, and residual risks. The ERM function also enables effective and maintain resilience in uncertain times. The process includes resource allocation through structured qualitative and horizon scanning and SWOT analysis, which cover political, quantitative risk impact assessment and prioritization based on economic, social, technology, legal and environmental aspects. our risk appetite, which is defined through the ERM framework. The emerging risks are monitored constantly and discussed During the assessment, impacts and likelihood or probability in the risk councils and with the Risk Management Committee of the risks are assessed using a four-point scale, and risks are (RMC) of the Board on a periodic basis. categorized into four groups based on this. Our ERM framework Strategy and strategy execution The risks arising out of the choices we have made in defining our strategy and the risks to the successful execution of our strategy are covered in this category. For example, risks inherent to our industry and our competitiveness are analyzed and mitigated through strategic choices of target markets, our market offerings, business model and talent base. Operational The risks affecting our policies, procedures, people and systems, thereby impacting service delivery or operations, or compromising our core values or business practices are covered in this category. For example, risks such as inefficiencies in internal processes, human rights, fraud risks, business activity disruptions due to natural calamities, climate change events, human conflicts, system failures and cybersecurity attacks. Legal and compliance The risks arising out of threats posed to our financial, organizational, or reputational standing resulting from litigations, non-conformance with laws, regulatory or geo-political developments, codes of conduct and contractual compliances are covered in this category. Integrated Enterprise Risk Management Framework We have adopted an integrated ERM framework that is implemented across the organization by the risk management office. Our ERM framework is developed by incorporating the best practices based on COSO and ISO 31000 and then tailored to suit our unique business requirements. Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 149 Risk management report Integrated Enterprise Risk Management Framework STRATEGY PERFORMANCE EVALUATION AND RISK MANAGEMENT GOVERNANCE Strategy and Risk-enabled decision-making 8-layer governance business objectives Risk identification Risk management risks Risk Board of Directors Treatment, mitigation and Vision and Legal and compliance of assessment control implementation mission n Type o Operational Risk Management cti n Committee (RMC) Strategy execution u f of the Board Secondary and consequential g Level 1 Risk n Values and bli risk assessment y Cybersecurity a culture er n e Level 2 Risk Sub-Committee v eli ess es D Residual risk assessment n al Risk councils usi Level 3 Risk S and decision-making y Strategic and nit B Office of stakeholder u ort Level 4 Risk groups risk management goals p Auditing, monitoring p O mpact Sub-risk councils Level 5 Risk and reporting I Granularity Unit risk councils Derived goals Risk governance Project and and disclosures account risk teams Aligned lines of defense iGRC platform Intelligent risk analytics – Live Enterprise Risk management at Infosys encompasses all areas, including The third line of defence encompasses an internal audit that first, second, and third lines of defence. Risk management reviews various risks and controls on a periodic basis to assess is embedded into the core business process and day-to-day the effectiveness of the risk management process and report decision making of every function within the Company and independently. Inputs on key risks by the ERM are considered forms an integral part of the development process and project while drafting the audit plan. The Company maintains a single execution. Risk management has been ingrained into the job hierarchical risks repository from L1 to L5, covering strategic description of senior management, middle management, and to tactical risks. All these are governed by the integrated ERM people who front-end the customer work. Achieving strategic framework of the Company. This is how all lines of defence are goals by proactively managing the risks is the responsibility of aligned as depicted in the ERM framework above. the Company’s management at all levels. Financial incentives are The Company also conducts maturity assessment of the ERM linked to the achievement of strategic goals. As the first line of process on a periodic basis by an independent external agency. defence, they evaluate risks and opportunities before taking key The recent maturity assessment was conducted in March 2024. business decisions. This first line works closely with corporate ERM through risk councils and sub-risk councils created across Risk management is ingrained in all parts of the organization. the organization in different units. Risk-enabled decision-making and forums at various levels of the organization to enhance risk-related decisions to identify The second line of defence consists of various risk functions such and mitigate the risks are the hallmarks of a good risk culture. At as Information Security Group (ISG), Data Privacy Office (DPO), Infosys, this is enabled through the implementation of integrated Quality, Delivery Risk Management (DRM), Business Continuity, Enterprise Risk Management, and this function acts as a decision Legal, Compliance, etc., who work very closely with ERM function support system for the executive leadership. A multi-layered in identifying, assessing, reporting and governing the risks. While governance structure provides open forums for risk discussions risks are largely mitigated by the first line / business, they are at various levels. Comprehensive awareness and training tracked and governed by the second line. These are reported programs are conducted on a regular basis for all the employees to the executive leadership through various councils, including and contractors to cover risks applicable to the business. Lex, the Operational Risk Council (ORC) and the Legal & Compliance our in-house learning platform, offers various risk management Risk Council (LCRC). These key risks are also presented to the Risk courses which are accessible from anywhere in the world. Management Committee (RMC) of the Board on a quarterly basis. Periodic table-top exercises are conducted in key areas to review preparedness for high impact-low probability risks. 150 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Salient features of our Enterprise Risk Management program Our ERM program adopts unique methods to identify risks, evaluate potential impact and promote risk awareness across the organization. Secondary, consequential and residual risks Intelligent risk analytics Secondary risks are threats that could impede the mitigation Internal and external risk and performance indicators, of primary risks. Consequential risks are the unintended and loss incidents are used in real time to identify, consequences of primary mitigation, and residual risks are analyze and assess potential issues that could negatively those risks that are left over after mitigation. impact strategic goals. Enterprise Risk Management Aggregation and accumulation RISC360 : iGRC program Exposure for same risks are aggregated as it goes up the RISC360 is the Company’s Governance, Risk management and Salient features hierarchy. This provides enterprise-wide view Compliance (GRC) program that combines three lines of defense to the leadership. Cumulated risk view is also provided to under one umbrella. This enables risk-based decision-making and understand total exposure arising out of all risks at a unit level. auditing. The Company has implemented a technology platform, iGRC, to provide a consolidated view of risks to strategic goals. Process risk frameworks Risk culture Process-specific risk frameworks have been developed for decision-making, Our risk culture encourages open and upward communication. for example, frameworks for customer risk, Coupled with our belief systems and core values, this drives vendor risk, contractual liability, contractual behavior, guides daily activities and decision-making throughout weighted risk and credit risk. the organization. We encourage sharing of knowledge and best practices, continuous process improvement and a strong commitment to ethics and integrity. Highlights of fiscal 2025 scenarios; uncertainties in the economy; inflation; technology During fiscal 2025, various risks management initiatives were disruption and innovation; talent availability; cybersecurity; data undertaken so as to ensure the smooth delivery of services to protection and privacy; ESG; contractual liabilities; and complex our clients, transparent communication with all stakeholders, and evolving regulatory environment. fulfilment of our social responsibility while ensuring employee safety and health by strengthening risk management program While the Company tracks several risks to its business, the key and enhancing the risk culture. The risk office assessed, risks and emerging risks are described below along with the monitored and reported on risks related to geo-political Company’s approach to mitigate them. Key / Emerging risks Impact on Company Mitigation / Opportunity Geo-political, • Our revenues are concentrated in a few geographies • Broad-based growth to reduce concentration in any single region, client or industry macroeconomic or and client industries, and a large part of our revenue is • Monitor geo-political and macroeconomic health events dependent on a limited number of clients. Unfavorable scenarios, identify potential business impact and geo-political, economic, or health events may result in currency volatility and reduced spend on technology implement additional controls to build operational agility to respond to situations products and services which may adversely impact • Implement currency hedging best practices to demand for our offerings which in turn may impact minimize the impact due to the volatility our growth and profitability. • Emerging risk aspect: Geo-political, economic or • Implement strong business continuity protocols in the regions affected by the geo-political conflicts health events are dynamic in nature and constantly • Hybrid working model to address evolving evolving. Uncertainty and unpredictability of policy geo-political risks changes by governments such as tariffs, trade restrictions etc., sometimes make it difficult to predict • Diversified supply chain to address potential disruptions due to geo-political conflicts, tariff or and assess the impact. trade restrictions • Impacted capitals: Financial, Social & Relationship • Acquisitions to expand our footprint in newer and Human areas or regions • Opportunity – Clients are looking for cost takeout projects and vendor consolidation Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 151 Risk management report Key / Emerging risks Impact on Company Mitigation / Opportunity Commoditization • If we are unable to differentiate our offerings and • Differentiation of services through constant of services and manage customer expectations in times of intense innovation and developing industry solutions heightened competition in the market for technology services, meeting client requirements competitive landscape and / or use of gen AI to enhance productivity, • Continued investments to identify, incubate, this could affect our win rates and pricing, reduce develop and launch innovative offerings our market share and decrease our revenue and • Constant investments in technology to increase profits. Customers looking inwards by insourcing or automation and improve productivity savings establishing or expanding Global Capability Centers • A broad portfolio of interconnected services (GCC) for various services provided by us may result and solutions covering discretionary and in loss of addressable market share thus impacting non-discretionary spends of customers overall growth and profitability. • Focused growth of new and emerging • Impacted capitals: Financial and Intellectual technological areas like Cloud, AI etc. • Collaboration and co-creation to address the GCC business requirements • Innovation council led by executive leadership Technology disruption • Rapid changes to the technology landscape poses to identify and incubate next big bets through and innovation a threat to business. If we are unable to adopt to the technology disruptions such as AI, Cloud, etc., innovation framework • Joint innovation showcases with clients, industry and develop capabilities in new services, it would forums, alliances, partners, academia, etc. adversely impact our revenue, profitability and • Investments in research and development reputation. to develop consulting and industry-domain • Emerging risk: Not having the right framework knowledge-led solutions and approach to identify, invest in, incubate and • Reskilling program for employees in newer operationalize new services and offerings that are in technologies and methodologies line with technology changes like AI, client preferences • Large deal specific investments to drive and market expectations may disrupt our value innovation, enhance productivity and enhance proposition and reduce our relevance to customers, industry-domain expertise impacting our revenue and profitability. The speed • Invest in / develop alliances or partnerships with and nature of technological changes make it difficult emerging technology firms to predict the trend. • Opportunity – Identify, develop and deploy new • Impacted capitals: Financial, Human and Intellectual offerings to customers leveraging next-generation technologies • Focused efforts to improve the recruitment and Talent supply • As of March 31, 2025, we have 3,23,578 employees employee onboarding cycle time. constraints across the globe. Our success depends on our highly • Employee engagement and support initiatives skilled technology and management talent. If we to increase the new employee connect with the are unable to attract, hire, engage, motivate and organization. retain technology and management talent, manage • Holistic employee retention and recognition leadership succession and transition, respect and efforts for key and tenured employees. protect human rights, continuously evolve our hybrid • Focused career and leadership development work model in response to changing needs and expectations, it could impact our reputation, ability to programs to develop next gen leaders. • Hybrid operational model that balances client staff projects or execute large and complex programs, requirements, evolving employee preferences, or optimize cost structures. legal requirements and information security risks. • Impacted capitals: Financial, Human and Intellectual 152 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Key / Emerging risks Impact on Company Mitigation / Opportunity Cybersecurity • Cyber attacks that breach our information network • Robust cybersecurity strategy, framework, or failure to protect sensitive and confidential processes, policies and controls to enhance cyber information of our stakeholders in accordance with resilience applicable laws and contractual obligations may • Multi-layered governance process with executive adversely impact our operations and client satisfaction and Board oversight to review the cybersecurity or result in significant regulatory penalties. risks and our preparedness to mitigate and • Impacted capitals: Financial, Human, Intellectual and respond to such risks Manufactured • Continued investment in technologies to address risks posed by evolving cyber threat landscape • Close collaboration with cyber intelligence and forensic consultants to identify and prepare for emerging cybersecurity threats, periodic table-top exercises and maintain the cybersecurity crisis plan up to date • Regular cybersecurity awareness programs and trainings with strong consequence management process • Trainings and workshops for employees on security by design • Strong encryption, data backup and recovery mechanism to ensure business continuity during any crisis • The Cyber Risk Assessment Framework aligned to ISO 31000, ISO 27001, and ISO 27005 • Opportunity – Cybersecurity services to the customer • Robust data privacy framework, policies, processes Data protection and • Failure to protect personal and sensitive information and controls privacy of our stakeholders in accordance with applicable • Trainings and workshops for employees on laws may impact our operations or result in significant privacy by design and data protection and privacy regulatory penalties. awareness bringing in geographical nuances • Impacted capitals: Financial, Human and Intellectual • Multi-layered governance process with executive and Board oversight to review the data protection and privacy risks and our preparedness to mitigate and respond to such risks • Continuous monitoring of regulatory landscape • Effective operations with sustainable cost Cost inflation / Inability • If we are unable to run our operations effectively and optimization and margin improvement levers to improve margin with sustainable cost levers, our long-term profitability • Automation and planned capex program focused may be adversely affected. • Impacted capitals: Financial on technology adoption for efficiencies • ESG 2030 ambitions and execution roadmap with ESG • If we are unable to demonstrate the outcome of our dedicated owners for each of the ambitions ESG program covering various areas such as climate • Board-level governance and oversight through change, GHG reductions, digital skilling, amplifying communities, diversity, responsible supply chains, dedicated ESG Committee of the Board • Periodic risk assessments to identify, assess, and compliance and governance, etc., our operations, mitigate the risks to ESG ambitions reputation, access to capital and longer-term financial • ESG ambitions aligned with the strategy stability could be adversely impacted. • Emerging risk aspect: Expectations on ESG may • Regular monitoring of regulatory landscape • Opportunity – Climate change-related solutions change in future due to evolving stakeholders’ and services to the customer expectations and disclosure requirements. • Impacted capitals: Financial, Human, Intellectual, Natural, Social & Relationship and Manufactured Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 153 Risk management report Key / Emerging risks Impact on Company Mitigation / Opportunity Contractual liabilities • Risk of clients demanding more favorable terms, • Engaging clients on contractual terms through including onerous clauses related to the liability and dedicated in-house team our inability to adhere to contractual obligations • Contract legal playbook with risk framework to with customers may lead to litigations, fines, and identify the high-risk clauses and plan appropriate may adversely impact our reputation, revenue and controls to mitigate the risks profitability. • Multi-layered governance process for contract • Impacted capitals: Social & Relationship and Financial approval • Dedicated teams to adhere to, monitor and audit contractual obligations • Comprehensive Board-level monitoring, reporting and governance of contractual risks Complex and evolving • If we are not able to comply with the existing complex • Dedicated in-house compliance team working regulatory environment regulatory landscape (e.g., immigration, wages, tax, together with external partners to monitor changes sanctions), it could result in investigations, regulatory to the regulatory landscape inquiries, litigation, fines, and negative client • Comprehensive compliance framework, policies, sentiments. controls and programs to identify changes to • Emerging risk aspect: Evolving regulatory regulatory landscape, assess their impact and compliance, corporate governance and public implement appropriate actions disclosure requirements add uncertainty to our • Regular connect with regulatory authorities and compliance policies. compliance experts to identify and assess changes • Impacted capitals: Financial, Human, Intellectual, to the regulatory landscape Social & Relationship and Natural • Contract awareness programs and trainings for employees and vendors • Periodic compliance certification with clear accountability and responsibility defined • Comprehensive monitoring, reporting and governance including Board oversight Cybersecurity risk management the enterprise Information Security Council (ISC), has been Cyber risks, being one of the key risks, is managed through established, which is responsible for governing and overseeing multi-layered controls with a defence-in-depth approach the Information Security Management System (ISMS) at Infosys. starting from the cybersecurity strategy, supplemented by ISC focuses on establishing, directing, monitoring, and executing policies, processes and controls (preventive, detective, and the information security program with representation from corrective). Our strategy is focused on four areas: transparency various departments and business units at Infosys and reports and experience; continual improvement and compliance; cyber to the Operational Risk Council highlighting key risks to the resilience; and building and maintaining a positive cybersecurity executive leadership. culture within the organization. A high-level working group, 154 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 INDEPENDENT PRACTITIONER’S REASONABLE ASSURANCE REPORT ON IDENTIFIED SUSTAINABILITY INFORMATION IN INFOSYS LIMITED’S BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY AND SUSTAINABILITY REPORT To the Board of Directors of INFOSYS LIMITED 1. We have undertaken to perform reasonable assurance engagement, for INFOSYS LIMITED (the “Company”) vide our engagement letter dated March 3, 2025 in respect of the agreed Sustainability Information listed below (the “Identified Sustainability Information” or “BRSR Core indicators”) in accordance with the Criteria stated in paragraph 3 below. This Sustainability Information is included in the Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (the “BRSR” or the “Report”) of the Integrated Annual Report (the “IAR”) of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2025. This engagement was conducted by a multidisciplinary team including assurance practitioners, environmental engineers and specialists. 2. Identified Sustainability Information Our scope of reasonable assurance consists of the BRSR Core indicators listed in the Appendix I to our report. The reporting boundary of the Report is as disclosed in Question 13 of Section A: General Disclosure of the BRSR with exceptions disclosed by way of note under respective questions of the BRSR, where applicable. 3. Criteria The Criteria used by the Company to prepare the Identified Sustainability Information is as under: • Regulation 34(2)(f) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (the “SEBI”) (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015 as amended; • Business Responsibility and Sustainability Reporting Requirements for listed entities per Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/ CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024 (the “SEBI Master Circular”); • SEBI Press Release PR No.36/2024 dated December 18, 2024; • Industry Standards on Reporting of BRSR Core as per SEBI Circular SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2024/177 dated December 20, 2024; and • SEBI Circular SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD - PoD- 1/P/CIR/2025/42 dated March 28, 2025. 4. Management’s Responsibility The Company’s management is responsible for selecting or establishing suitable criteria for preparing the Sustainability Information including the reporting boundary of the Report, taking into account applicable laws and regulations, if any, related to reporting on the Sustainability Information, identification of key aspects, engagement with stakeholders, content, preparation and presentation of the Identified Sustainability Information in accordance with the Criteria. This responsibility includes design, implementation and maintenance of internal controls relevant to the preparation of the Report and the measurement of Identified Sustainability Information, which is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 5. Inherent limitations The absence of a significant body of established practice on which to draw to evaluate and measure non-financial information allows for different, but acceptable, measures and measurement techniques and can affect comparability between companies. 6. Our Independence and Quality Control We have maintained our independence and confirm that we have met the requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (the “ICAI”) and the SEBI Master Circular and its clarifications thereto and have the required competencies and experience to conduct this assurance engagement. We apply Standard on Quality Control (“SQC”) 1, “Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services Engagements”, and accordingly maintain a comprehensive system of quality control including documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards, and applicable legal and regulatory requirements. Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 155 7. Our Responsibility Our responsibility is to express a reasonable assurance opinion on the Identified Sustainability Information listed in Appendix I based on the procedures we have performed and evidence we have obtained. We conducted our engagement in accordance with the Standard on Sustainability Assurance Engagements (SSAE) 3000, “Assurance Engagements on Sustainability Information”, and Standard on Assurance Engagements (SAE) 3410 “Assurance Engagements on Greenhouse Gas Statements” (together the “Standards”), both issued by the Sustainability Reporting Standards Board (the “SRSB”) of the ICAI. These standards require that we plan and perform our engagement to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Identified Sustainability Information listed in Appendix I and included in the Report are prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the Criteria. As part of a reasonable assurance engagement in accordance with the Standards, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the engagement. 8. Reasonable Assurance A reasonable assurance engagement involves identifying and assessing the risks of material misstatement of the Identified Sustainability Information whether due to fraud or error, responding to the assessed risks as necessary in the circumstances. The procedures we performed were based on our professional judgment and included inquiries, observation of processes performed, inspection of documents, evaluating the appropriateness of quantification methods and reporting policies, analytical procedures and agreeing or reconciling with underlying records. Given the circumstances of the engagement, in performing the procedures listed above, we: • Obtained an understanding of the Identified Sustainability Information and related disclosures; • Obtained an understanding of the assessment criteria and their suitability for the evaluation and/or measurements of the Identified Sustainability Information; • Made inquiries of Company’s management, including environment team, compliance team, human resource team amongst others and those with the responsibility for preparation of the Report; • Obtained an understanding and performed an evaluation of the design of the key systems, processes and controls for recording, processing and reporting on the Identified Sustainability Information at the corporate office and at other locations/offices on a sample basis. This included evaluating the design of those controls relevant to the engagement and determining whether they have been implemented by performing procedures in addition to inquiry of the personnel responsible for the Identified Sustainability Information; • Based on the above understanding and the risks that the Identified Sustainability Information may be materially misstated, determined the nature, timing and extent of further procedures; • Tested the key assumptions, emission factors and methodologies used for calculation of the Greenhouse Gas (the “GHG”) emissions; • Tested the Company’s process for collating the sustainability information through agreeing or reconciling the identified sustainability Information with the underlying records on a sample basis; and • Tested the consolidation for locations/offices on a sample basis and corporate office under the reporting boundary for ensuring the completeness of data being reported. We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our reasonable assurance opinion. 9. Exclusions Our assurance scope excludes the following and therefore we do not express an opinion on: • Aspects of the Report and the data/information (qualitative or quantitative) other than the Identified Sustainability Information; and • The statements that describe expression of opinion, belief, aspiration, expectation, aim, or future intentions provided by the Company. 10. Other information The Company’s management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included within the BRSR, the IAR and the Environment Social and Governance (the “ESG”) Report, other than Identified Sustainability Information and our independent assurance reports dated May 31, 2025, thereon. 156 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Our opinion on the Identified Sustainability Information does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance thereon. In connection with our assurance engagement of the Identified Sustainability Information, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the Identified Sustainability Information or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard. 11. Reasonable Assurance Opinion Based on the procedures we have performed and the evidence we have obtained, the BRSR Core indicators for the year ended March 31, 2025, listed in Appendix I are prepared in all material respects, in accordance with the Criteria as stated in paragraph 3 above. 12. Restriction on use Our Reasonable Assurance report has been prepared and addressed to the Board of Directors of the Company at the request of the Company solely, to assist the Company in reporting on Company’s sustainability performance and activities. Accordingly, we accept no liability to anyone, other than the Company. Our Reasonable Assurance report should not be used for any other purpose or by any person other than the addressees of our report. We neither accept nor assume any duty of care or liability for any other purpose or to any other party to whom our report is shown or into whose hands it may come without our prior consent in writing. For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP Chartered Accountants (Firm’s Registration No. 117366W / W-100018) Pratiq Shah Partner Membership No. 111850 UDIN: 25111850BNUHLV9650 Place: Mumbai Date: May 31, 2025 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 157 APPENDIX I Identified Sustainability Information subject to Reasonable Assurance Sr. No Reporting Standard Reference Indicator number Section C: Principle [P] Wise Performance Disclosures- Essential Indicators [E] 1 P-1: Businesses should conduct and govern themselves E-8: Number of days of accounts payables ((Accounts payable *365) / with integrity, and in a manner that is Ethical, Transparent Cost of goods/services procured). and Accountable. E-9: Details of concentration of purchases and sales with trading houses, dealers, and related parties along-with loans and advances and investments, with related parties. 2 P-3: Businesses should respect and promote the well- E-1c: Spending on measures towards well-being of employees and being of all employees, including those in their value workers (including permanent and other than permanent). chains. E-11: Details of safety related incidents. 3 P-5: Businesses should respect and promote human rights. E-3b: Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages paid by the entity. E-7: Complaints filed under the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013. 4 P-6: Businesses should respect and make efforts to protect E-1: Details of total energy consumption (in Joules or multiples) and and restore the environment. energy intensity. E-3: Disclosures related to water withdrawal and consumption (in Kilo litres) and its intensity. E-4: Details related to water discharged (in Kilo litres). E-7: Details of greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions) (in tCo2e) and its intensity. E-9: Details of waste generated (in metric tonnes), and its intensity, total waste recovered through recycling, re-using or other recovery operations (in metric tonnes) and total waste disposed by nature of disposal method (in metric tonnes). 5 P-8: Businesses should promote inclusive growth and E-4: Percentage of input material (inputs to total inputs by value) equitable development. sourced from suppliers. E-5: Job creation wages paid to persons employed (including employees or workers employed on a permanent or non-permanent / on contract basis), as % of total wage cost. 6 P-9: Businesses should engage with and provide value to E-7: Information relating to data breaches. their consumers in a responsible manner. 158 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Statutory reports Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report The BRSR follows the National Guidelines on Responsible Infosys has always placed sustainability at the heart of its Business Conduct (NGRBC) principles on the social, business approach. Our ability to fulfill and exceed our environmental and economic responsibilities of business. responsibilities to our stakeholders is a testament to our commitment. We have balanced our business success with an Our BRSR includes our responses to questions about our unwavering focus on exemplary corporate governance and practices and performance on key principles defined by responsiveness to the needs of the environment and society. Regulation 34(2)(f) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure As an early proponent of responsible business, we readily Requirements) Regulations 2015 as amended from time to time, embraced our commitment to integrate Environmental, which cover topics across all ESG dimensions. Social and Governance (ESG) factors into our operations. We adopted the GRI Framework in 2008 and in fiscal 2013, we were among the first companies to publish the Business Responsibility Report (BRR). Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 159 1 B 6 u Section A: General Disclosure 0 s in e s I Company details s R e 1. Corporate Identity Number (CIN) of the Listed Entity L85110KA1981PLC013115 s p o n 2. Name of the Listed Entity Infosys Limited s ib ilit 3. Year of incorporation July 2, 1981 y a n 4. Registered office address Electronics City, Hosur Road, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560 100, India d S u 5. Corporate address Electronics City, Hosur Road, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560 100, India s t a in 6. E-mail id askus@infosys.com a b ilit 7. Telephone +91-80-2852 0261 y R 8. Website www.infosys.com e p o 9. Financial year for which reporting is being done April 2024 - March 2025 r t 10. Name of the Stock Exchange(s) where shares are listed In India, the Company’s equity shares are listed on • BSE Limited • National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) The ADSs are listed on the New York Stock Exchange in the US. `2,073 11. Paid-up capital crore 12. Name and contact details (telephone, email address) of the person who may be ARUNA C. NEWTON contacted in case of any queries on the BRSR report Vice President – Head – ESG, Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Tel: +91 80 2852 0261 Email: arunacnewton@infosys.com 13. Reporting boundary - Are the disclosures under this report made on a standalone The disclosures under this report are made on a consolidated basis, unless otherwise In basis (i.e. only for the entity) or on a consolidated basis (i.e. for the entity and all the specified. fo s entities which form a part of its consolidated financial statements, taken together). y s In te 14. Name of assessment or assurance provider Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP g ra te 15. Type of assessment or assurance obtained BRSR core indicators – Reasonable Assurance d A Assurance* Select BRSR indicators – Reasonable / Limited n n u a l * Refer to our ESG report R e p o rt 2 0 2 4 -2 5 In II Products / services fo s y s 16. Details of business activities (accounting for 90% of the turnover) In te g ra S. No. Description of main activity Description of business activity % of turnover of the entity te d 1 Software and IT consulting (GICS classification – Information Infosys provides consulting, technology, outsourcing and 95.3 A n Technology – Software and Services) next-generation digital services, to enable clients to execute n u a strategies for their digital transformation and AI journey. l R Further details are provided in the Management’s Discussion e p o and Analysis section of this Integrated Annual Report. rt 2 0 2 4 17. Products / services sold by the entity (accounting for 90% of the entity’s turnover) -2 5 S. No. Product / service NIC code % of total turnover contributed 1 Software application development and maintenance, 620 and 631 95.3 IT consulting, technology and next-generation digital services III Operations 18. Number of locations where plants and / or operations / offices of the entity are situated Location Number of plants Number of offices Total National NA 59 292 International NA 233 19. Markets served by the entity locations(1) a. Number of Locations Number National (No. of states) 15 International (No. of countries) 89 (1) Denotes the locations of our clients b. What is the contribution of exports as a percentage of the total turnover of the entity? (1) 97.10% (1) Based on standalone financial statements under Ind AS as exports are considered in relation to India c. A brief on types of customers We serve customers across a wide range of industries including, aerospace and defence, communication services, financial services, healthcare, high technology, insurance, life sciences, media and entertainment, retail, utilities and more. 1 6 1 1 B 6 IV. Employees u 2 s in 20. Details as at the end of financial year: e s s R a. Employees and workers (including differently-abled): e s p S. No. Particulars Total (A) Male Female o n s No. (B) % (B / A) No. (C) % (C / A) ib ilit Employees y a 1. Permanent (D) 3,23,578 1,97,246 61.0 1,26,332 39.0 n d S (E)(1) 25,018 19,880 79.5 5,138 20.5 2. Other than permanent u s t a 3. Total employees (D + E) 3,48,596 2,17,126 62.3 1,31,470 37.7 in a Workers(2) b ilit 4. Permanent (F) y R e 5. Other than permanent (G) NA p o r 6. Total workers (F + G) t workers(3) b. Differently-abled employees and S. No Particulars Total (A) Male Female No. (B) % (B / A) No. (C) % (C / A) Differently-abled employees 1. Permanent (D) 1,095 810 73.9 285 26.1 2. Other than permanent (E) – – – – – 3. Total employees (D + E) 1,095 810 73.9 285 26.1 workers(2) Differently-abled In fo 4. Permanent (F) s y s NA In 5. Other than permanent (G) te g 6. Total differently-abled workers (F + G) ra te d (1) Other than permanent employees includes contractors A n (2) We do not have any workers. n u (3) Employees who have voluntarily disclosed their disabilities a l R e p o rt 2 0 2 4 -2 5 In 21. Participation / Inclusion / Representation of women fo s y s Total (A) No. and percentage of Females In te g No. (B) % (B / A) ra te d Board of Directors 9 2 22.2 A n n Personnel(1) 3 – – Key Management u a l R As on March 31, 2025 e p o (1) Key Management Personnel are Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director (CEO & MD), Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and Company Secretary (CS). rt 2 Our Board is represented by 22.2% women leaders, 44.4% foreign nationals, who are between 60 years and 71 years and have expertise in Finance, Global business, Cybersecurity, Information Technology, 0 2 Governance, Sustainability, ESG, Diversity, Sales & Marketing, Delivery, Risk management, Mergers and Acquisitions. 4 -2 5 22. Turnover rate* for permanent employees and workers (Disclose trends for the past 3 years) Turnover rate in fiscal 2025 (In %) Turnover rate in fiscal 2024 (In %) Turnover rate in fiscal 2023 (In %) Male Female Total Male Female Total Male Female Total Permanent employees 14.5 13.6 14.1 12.6 12.5 12.6 21.1 20.6 20.9 Other than permanent employees We do not calculate turnover of contract staff as they are hired for a fixed contract period, by design. * Voluntary attrition for IT services excluding business process management services, products and platforms V. Holding, Subsidiary and Associate Companies (including joint ventures) ventures(1) 23. (a) Names of holding / subsidiary / associate companies / joint S. No. Name of the holding / subsidiary / Indicate whether holding / Subsidiary / % of shares held by listed entity Does the entity indicated at column associate companies / joint ventures (A) Associate / Joint Venture A, participate in the Business Responsibility initiatives of the listed (Yes/No)(2) entity? (1) Refer to Annexure 1 of the Board’s Report for information on holding and subsidiary companies /associate companies or joint ventures. (2) Our subsidiaries contribute data required for the preparation of this report. VI. CSR Details 24. (i) Whether CSR is applicable as per Section 135 of Companies Act, 2013: (Yes/No) Yes crore)(1) ` 1,28,933 (ii) Turnover (In crore)(1) ` 81,176 (iii) Net worth (In (1) As per the standalone financial statements under Ind AS 1 6 3 1 B VII. Transparency and Disclosures Compliances 6 u 4 s in 25. Complaints / Grievances on any of the principles (Principles 1 to 9) under the National Guidelines on Responsible Business Conduct: e s s Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 Stakeholder group from whom Grievance Redressal Mechanism in Place R complaint is received (Yes/No) (If Yes, then provide web-link e Number of Remarks Number of Number of Remarks Number of s policy)(1) for grievance redress p complaints complaints complaints complaints o n filed during pending filed during pending s ib the year resolution at the year resolution at ilit close of the close of the y year* year a n d Communities Yes – – – – S u shareholders)(2) Yes – – – – Investors (Other than s t a in 228(2) 1(3) 819(2) – Shareholders Yes a b ilit 176(4) 41(5) 207(4) 19 Employees and workers Yes y Customers(6) Yes 28 8 53 10 R e p Value chain partners Yes – – – – o r t Other – – – – (1) https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-governance/Documents/CodeofConduct.pdf (2) The Company has adopted a policy of classifying shareholders grievances / complaints. The Company does not track complaints from investors and shareholders separately. (3) The Company has responded to the pending complaints. (4) Employee complaints on health and safety and working conditions are included. (5) As on May 20, 2025, 23 complaints are pending resolution. (6) Complaints from customer projects primarily received through the complaints management system have been considered. * Complaints pending resolution at the end of the previous year were subsequently closed. 26. Overview of the entity’s material responsible business conduct issues. Please indicate material responsible business conduct and sustainability issues pertaining to environmental and social matters that present a risk or an opportunity to your business, rationale for identifying the same, approach to adapt or mitigate the risk along-with its financial implications, as per the following format In fo Rationale for identifying the risk / In case of risk, approach to adapt or mitigate Financial implications of S. Material issue Indicate s y opportunity the risk or opportunity No identified* whether risk or s In (Indicate positive or negative opportunity te g implications) (R / O) ra te d 1 Environment : Risk – Climate change risks are – Refer to the Infosys ESG data book 2024-25 for details Negative : Increased A n Climate change increasingly manifesting in our on risk mitigations. operating costs in meeting n u business as strategic, physical environmental standards in a l R and transitional (market and line with evolving regulatory e p compliance) risks, which if not requirements o rt managed adequately, can affect 2 0 our operations, reputation and 2 4 -2 profitability. 5 In S. Material issue Indicate Rationale for identifying the risk / In case of risk, approach to adapt or mitigate Financial implications of fo s y No identified* whether risk or opportunity the risk or opportunity s In opportunity (Indicate positive or negative te (R / O) implications) g ra te Positive : Scope to improve Opportunity – Increased revenue through 2 Environment : d A Infosys’ competitiveness and development and / or expansion Engaging clients n n capitalize on evolving client on climate of services to help our customers u a l preferences by leveraging our manage their climate change actions through R e p expertise in sustainability, low- our solutions risks. o rt carbon transition and digital/IT – Savings from use of lower- 2 0 to support our clients on their emission sources of energy 2 4 sustainability and low-carbon -2 – Lead action globally on climate 5 journey change through advocacy Negative : Impact on employer – Employee engagement and support initiatives to Risk – Inability to facilitate best-in- 3 Societal : reputation, increased cost of Facilitating class employee experience may improve employee connect with the organization. talent, etc. impact our ability to attract, hire, best-in-class – Holistic measures for employee retention and employee train, engage and retain talent recognition of key and tenured employees. experience – Focus on career and leadership development programs to develop next gen leaders. Positive : Given the shortage Opportunity – The development and adoption 4 Societal : of digital talent, there is of advanced technologies, Tech for Good immense scope to create a including smart automation platforms and talent pool to accelerate the and artificial intelligence, solutions for digital transformation journey have the potential to increase e-governance, of our customers. productivity and solve larger healthcare and challenges for the benefit of the education community while facilitating the achievement of the SDGs. Digital technologies and platforms have already been successfully used in consumer technologies and offer the opportunity to use them for social good. 1 6 5 1 B 6 u S. Material issue Indicate Rationale for identifying the risk / In case of risk, approach to adapt or mitigate Financial implications of 6 s No identified* whether risk or opportunity the risk or opportunity in e opportunity (Indicate positive or negative s s (R / O) implications) R e s Negative : Increased operating – Improve the cybersecurity strategy, framework, 5 Governance : Risk – Cyber attacks that breach our p o cost to hire and train talent and processes, policies and controls to enhance cyber Data privacy information network and / or n technology investments resilience. and information failure to protect sensitive and s ib management confidential information of our – Improve the data privacy framework, policies, processes ilit stakeholders in accordance with and controls y applicable laws and contractual a – Multi-layered governance process with executive and n obligations may impact our Board oversight to review the cybersecurity and data d operations, client satisfaction or S privacy risks and our preparedness to mitigate and u result in significant regulatory s respond to such risks. t penalties. a – Continued investment in technologies to create in a defense in depth in order to address risks posed by b evolving cyber threat landscape ilit – Close collaboration with cyber intelligence and forensic y R consultants to identify and prepare for emerging e p cybersecurity threats, periodic table-top exercises and o maintain the cybersecurity crisis plan up to date r t – Continuous monitoring of regulatory landscape – Regular awareness mailers and workshops along with strong consequence management process – Trainings and workshops for employees on security by design – Strong encryption, data backup and recovery mechanism to ensure business continuity during any crisis – The Cyber Risk Assessment Framework aligned to ISO 31000, ISO 27001, and ISO 27005 Positive : Minimize Opportunity – Increasing revenue from 6 Governance : cybersecurity and data privacy cybersecurity service offerings Being breach threats to Infosys and solutions recognized and our customers through as industry In – Higher client confidence in our fo advanced cybersecurity leader in our ability to service them s y solutions and adoption of information s In leading data privacy standards security te g practices and ra te adoption d of leading A n data privacy n u a standards l R e p * For the complete list of material topics, read ESG report 2025: Materiality and stakeholder engagement. o rt 2 0 2 4 -2 5 In Section B: Management and process disclosures fo s y This section is aimed at helping businesses demonstrate the structures, policies and processes put in place towards adopting the NGRBC Principles and Core Elements. s In te Disclosure Questions P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9 g ra te Policy and management processes d A n 1a. Whether your entity’s Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes n u policy/policies cover each a l principle and its core R e elements of the NGRBCs. p o rt (Yes/No) 2 0 2 1b. Has the policy been Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes 4 -2 approved by the Board? 5 (Yes/No) Refer to the Refer to the Refer to Refer to our Refer to our Refer to our Refer to our Refer to our Refer to our 1c. Web Link of the Policies, if available Policy(1), Policy(2), Infosys Code of Whistleblower Responsible CSR Policy and Infosys Code of HSE ESG Vision 2030 CSR Infosys Code Conduct and Supply Chain of Conduct Policy, ESG Vision 2030 Conduct and ESG Vision 2030 Responsible and Supplier Ethics, and Ethics, Infosys Code of Ethics Supply Chain Policy(2) Conduct and Diversity Policy HSE and Supplier ESG Vision Ethics Diversity Policy 2030, Privacy statement(1) (1) Approved by the Executive Leadership (2) Not extended to Suppliers 2. Whether the entity has Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes translated the policy into procedures. (Yes / No) 3. Do the enlisted policies Yes Yes Yes No Yes No No Yes No extend to your value chain partners? (Yes/No) ISO 9001:2015; ISO 9001:2015, ISO 9001:2015, ISO 9001:2015, ISO 9001:2015, ISO 9001:2015, ISO 9001:2015, ISO 9001:2015, ISO 9001:2015, 4. Name of the national and international codes/ GRI Standard GRI Standard GRI Standard GRI Standard ISO 14001:2015, GRI Standard ISO 14001:2015, ISO 14001:2015, GRI Standard certifications/labels/ 2021, UNGC 2021, 2021, ISO 2021, ISO ISO 45001:2018, 2021, ISO 45001:2018, ISO 45001:2018, 2021, standards (e.g. Forest Principles, ISO 14001:2015, 45001:2018, 14001:2015, ISO GRI Standard ISO 14001:2015, GRI Standard GRI Standard ISO 27001:2022, Stewardship Council, OECD– ISO 45001:2018, Universal 45001:2018 2021, Universal ISO 14068:1, ISO 2021, UNGC 2021, ISO 27701:2019, Fairtrade, Rainforest Principles of ISO 50001:2018, Declaration Declaration 45001:2018, Principles, UN SDGs ISO 42001:2023, Alliance, Trustea) Corporate CMMi 2.0 of Human of Human ISO 22301:2019, SASB IT SASB IT standards (e.g. SA Governance, Rights, ILO Rights, ILO ISO 50001:2018 8000, OHSAS, ISO, BIS) UN SDGs, Declaration on Declaration on SASB, adopted by your entity SASB IT Fundamental Fundamental TCFD, UN and mapped to each Principles Principles SDGs, Carbon principle. and Rights at and Rights at Disclosure Work, UNGC Work, UNGC Project (CDP), Principles, Principles SASB IT SASB IT 5. Specific commitments, In 2020, we became carbon neutral, 30 years ahead of the timeline set by the Paris Agreement. In October 2020, we launched our ESG vision and ambitions goals and targets set by for 2030. In 2025, we renewed our ESG Vision 2030 and committed to further progress on our ESG ambitions. the entity with defined 1 6 timelines, if any. 7 1 B 6. Performance of Yes. The details of our performance on our ESG goals are available in the chapters Approaching value creation and Delivering value in this Integrated Annual 6 u 8 s the entity against the Report and ESG Report 2025. in specific commitments, e goals and targets along- s s with reasons in case the R e same are not met. s p o n s Governance, leadership and oversight ib ilit 7. Statement by director responsible for the business responsibility report, highlighting ESG-related challenges, targets and achievements y a n “Infosys is committed to nurturing a sustainable and socially responsible business. The company’s ongoing ESG aspirations are reflected in the Infosys ESG Vision 2030 that d articulates how the company can continue to be a well-governed organization and inclusive workplace for diverse talent with community strategies to leverage technology S u for good.” s t a Salil Parekh in Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director a b ilit Information on ESG-related challenges, targets and achievements is available in the chapters Approaching value creation and Delivering value in this Integrated Annual Report. y R 8. Details of the highest authority responsible for implementation and oversight of the Business Responsibility policy (ies). e p o Policy Implementation – authority Oversight – authority Composition of highest authority responsible for r t oversight Whistleblower Policy and Chief Legal Officer and Chief Compliance Audit Committee Refer to the Audit Committee section in the Corporate Infosys Code of Conduct and Ethics Officer governance report of this Integrated Annual Report Responsible Supply Chain and Group Head – Procurement ESG Committee Refer to the ESG Committee section in the Corporate Supplier Diversity Policy and governance report of this Integrated Annual Report Supplier Code of Conduct CSR Policy Global Head – Corporate Accounting & CSR Committee Refer to the CSR Committee section in the Corporate Taxation, Facilities, Infrastructure and Security governance report of this Integrated Annual Report ESG Vision 2030 Chief Financial Officer ESG Committee Refer to the ESG Committee section in the Corporate governance report of this Integrated Annual Report In 9. Does the entity have a specified Committee of the Board/ Director responsible for decision making on sustainability related issues? (Yes / No). If yes, provide details. fo s y Yes, the ESG Committee of the Board. s In te g ra te Name of the director Designation/category DIN number d A n Chitra Nayak – Chairperson Independent director DIN: 09101763 n u a Govind Iyer Independent director DIN: 00169343 l R e Helene Auriol Potier Independent director DIN: 10166891 p o rt Read more in the ESG Committee report in the Corporate governance report of this Integrated Annual Report. 2 0 2 4 -2 5 In Subject for Review Indicate whether review was undertaken by Frequency (Annually/ Half yearly/ Quarterly/ Any fo s y Director / Committee of the Board/ Any other other – please specify) s In Committee te g ra P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9 P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9 te d A 10. Details of Review Performance against above policies and Committee of the Board n Annually n of NGRBCs by the follow up action u a l Company: R e Committee of the Board Compliance with statutory requirements p o of relevance to the principles, and, Quarterly rt 2 rectification of any non-compliances 0 2 4 -2 Principles P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9 11. Has the entity carried 5 out independent assessment/ evaluation of the working of its Answer Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes policies by an external agency? (Yes/No). If yes, provide name of the agency. Notes: • BSI (Beijing) conducted the ISO 9001: 2015 and ISO 27001: 2022 audits at our China location. • BVC conducted ISO 9001: 2015, ISO 27001: 2022, ISO 22301: 2019, ISO 20000:2018, AS 9100 and ISO 27701: 2019. • DNV conducted ISO 14001:2015, ISO 45001:2018, ISO 50001:2018 and ISO 14068 12. If answer to Questions P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9 question (1) above is The entity does not consider the “No” i.e. not all principles Principles material to its business are covered by a policy, (Yes/No) reasons to be stated The entity is not at a stage where it is in a position to formulate and implement the policies on specified principles (Yes/No) Not applicable The entity does not have the financial or/ human and technical resources available for the task (Yes/No) It is planned to be done in the next financial year (Yes/No) Any other reason (please specify) 1 6 9 1 B 7 Section C: Principle-wise performance disclosure u 0 s in e This section is aimed at helping entities demonstrate their performance in integrating the principles and core elements with key processes and decisions. The information sought is s s categorized as “Essential” and “Leadership”. While the essential indicators are expected to be disclosed by every entity that is mandated to file this report, the leadership indicators R may be voluntarily disclosed by entities which aspire to progress to a higher level in their quest to be socially, environmentally and ethically responsible. e s p o PRINCIPLE 1 Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with integrity, and in a manner that is n s ethical, transparent and accountable. ib ilit Essential Indicators y a n 1. Percentage coverage by training and awareness programmes on any of the Principles during the financial year: d S u s t Segment Total number Topics / principles covered under the training and its impact % age of persons in a in respective category covered of training and a awareness programs by the awareness programs b ilit held y R Board of Directors and Board Committees 1 The Board members attended a session which emphasized global 100 e p sustainability trends, policies, regulatory environment and related o topics. Refer to the Training of Board members section in the Corporate r t Governance report in the Integrated Annual Report. (KMP)(1) 5 Infosys Code of Conduct and Ethics, climate change, environmental 100 Key Managerial Personnel sustainability, social sustainability, data privacy and cybersecurity KMPs(1) 5 Infosys Code of Conduct and Ethics, climate change, environmental 100 Employees other than BoD and sustainability, social sustainability, data privacy and cybersecurity Workers NA NA NA (1) Apart from year-long awareness campaigns through email on responsible business and related topics, all our employees have access to an exclusive learning channel on Lex, our internal learning platform and Infosys Springboard, our flagship digital learning platform. 2. Details of fines / penalties /punishment / award / compounding fees / settlement amount paid in proceedings (by the entity or by directors / KMPs) with regulators/ law enforcement agencies / judicial institutions, in the financial year, in the following format (Note: the entity shall make disclosures on the basis of materiality as specified in Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Obligations) Regulations, 2015 and as disclosed on the entity’s website): In fo s y Monetary s In te NGRBC Name of the regulatory/ Amount (in Brief of the Case Has an appeal been g ra Principle enforcement agencies/ INR) preferred? (Yes/No) te d judicial institutions A n n u 3, 5 Ministry of Finance, British 8.0 crore Penalties for 2019 to 2021 levied by the British Columbia Ministry under No a l Columbia (Canada) the Employer Health Tax Act for late filing/ payment. R e Penalty / fine p o 3, 5 Ministry of Finance, Ontario 0.8 crore Penalty levied by the Ontario Ministry for 2020 under the Employer No rt Health Tax Act for late filing. 2 0 2 4 -2 5 In 1 Securities and Exchange 0.25 crore In respect of Settlement Application filed by Salil Parekh, CEO & MD of No fo s Board of India the Company, SEBI has passed a Settlement order dated June 26, 2024 . y Settlement s The details of the order are disclosed at https://www.bseindia.com/xml- In te data/corpfiling/AttachHis/65ed7595-2c31-4c35-af19-2e82294486cc.pdf g ra Compounding fee te – – – – d A n Non-Monetary n u a l NGRBC Principle Name of the regulatory/ enforcement Brief of the Case Has an appeal been preferred? (Yes/No) R e p agencies/ judicial institutions o rt 2 Imprisonment – – – 0 2 4 -2 Punishment – – – 5 3. Of the instances disclosed in Question 2 above, details of the Appeal/ Revision preferred in cases where monetary or non-monetary action has been appealed. Case Details Name of the regulatory/ enforcement agencies Not applicable 4. Does the entity have an anti-corruption or anti-bribery policy? If yes, provide details in brief and if available, provide a web-link to the policy. Yes. Our Code of Conduct and Ethics complies with the legal requirements of applicable laws and regulations, including anti-bribery, anti-corruption and ethical handling of conflicts of interest. Additionally, we also have an Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption (ABAC) Policy (available in the Company intranet), which provides the requirements on ABAC in detail. 5. Number of Directors/KMPs/employees/workers against whom disciplinary action was taken by any law enforcement agency for the charges of bribery/ corruption: Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 Directors – – KMPs – – Employees – – Workers NA NA 6. Details of complaints with regard to conflict of interest: Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 Number Remarks Number Remarks Number of complaints received in relation – – to issues of conflict of interest of the Directors Number of complaints received in relation – – to issues of conflict of interest of the KMPs 1 7 1 1 B 7 7. Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway on issues related to fines / penalties / action taken by regulators/ law enforcement agencies/ judicial u 2 s institutions, on cases of corruption and conflicts of interest. in e s Not applicable s R e s 8. Number of days of accounts payables ((Accounts payable *365) / Cost of goods/services procured) in the following format: p o n Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 s ib Number of days of accounts payable 41 43 ilit y a 9. Open-ness of business n d S Provide details of concentration of purchases and sales with trading houses, dealers, and related parties along-with loans and advances & investments, with related parties, u s in the following format: t a in Parameter Metrics Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 a b ilit Purchases(1) a. Purchases from trading houses as % of total purchases – – Concentration of y R b. Number of trading houses where purchases are made e – – from p o r t c. Purchases from top 10 trading houses as % of total purchases from – – trading houses Concentration of Sales a. Sales to dealers / distributors as % of total sales b. Number of dealers / distributors to whom sales are made – – c. Sales to top 10 dealers / distributors as % of total sales to dealers / distributors in(2) Share of RPTs a. Purchases (Purchases with related parties / Total – – purchases) b. Sales (Sales to related parties / Total sales) – – In c. Loans and advances (Loans and advances given to fo – – related parties / Total loans and advances) s y s In d. Investments (Investments in related parties / Total te – – investments made) g ra te (1) Based on methodology adopted by the company no trading houses were identified d A (2) As per the consolidated financial statements under Ind AS n n u a l R e p o rt 2 0 2 4 -2 5 In Leadership Indicators fo s y s 1. Awareness programmes conducted for value chain partners on any of the Principles during the financial year: In te g ra training(1) Total number of awareness programs held Topics / principles covered under the % age of value chain partners covered (by value of business te programs(2) done with such partners) under the awareness d A n 5(1) Climate change and best practices in data capture, monitoring, 94.4 n u and reporting on climate change disclosures, water a l R management, waste management, human rights, occupational e p health and safety, Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption o rt 2 (1) 9,000+ suppliers were enabled on ESG awareness programs through the ESG learning portal. 0 2 4 (2) Our assessment covers upstream value chain partners (suppliers). -2 5 2. Does the entity have processes in place to avoid/ manage conflict of interests involving members of the Board? (Yes/No) If Yes, provide details of the same. Yes, the Company has established robust processes to avoid and manage conflicts of interest involving members of the Board. These include: 1. Declaration of Interest: All Board members are required to disclose their financial interests, affiliations, or relationships that could influence their decision-making at the time of their appointment and periodically thereafter, in compliance with statutory requirements. 2. Code of Conduct: The Company has adopted a formal Code of Conduct that defines what constitutes a conflict of interest and provides clear guidelines for identifying and managing conflicts of interest. 3. Recusal procedures: In cases where a potential conflict of interest is identified, the concerned Board member is required to recuse from discussions and voting on the relevant agenda item. 4. Approval requirements: Transactions involving entities in which the directors have an interest require the prior approval of the Board. If such transactions exceed the prescribed threshold, the approval of the shareholders is also required. PRINCIPLE 2: Businesses should provide goods and services in a manner that is sustainable and safe Essential indicators 1. Percentage of R&D and capital expenditure (capex) investments in specific technologies to improve the environmental and social impacts of product and processes to total R&D and capex investments made by the entity, respectively. Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 Details of improvements in environmental and social impacts R&D(1) 16.9 20.7 Education, training and assessment of employees to upskill and reskill. Technology to improve environmental and social products and processes Capex(1) 1.5 3.4 Efficient equipment for cooling, lighting, renewable energy, water management, waste management and sustainable material (1) Based on standalone financial statements under Ind AS 1 7 3 1 B 7 2a. Does the entity have procedures in place for sustainable sourcing? (Yes/No) u 4 s in e Yes. Infosys has adopted a Responsible Supply Chain & Supplier Diversity Policy as well as a Green Procurement Policy to strengthen its commitment to responsible sourcing. s s Suppliers are also required to mandatorily sign the Supplier Code of Conduct. A large majority of the Company’s suppliers are covered through the responsible sourcing program. R Periodic ESG assessments are conducted internally as well as through a third party. e s p o 2b. If yes, what percentage of inputs were sourced sustainably? n s ib All our procurements follow the principles of sustainable sourcing. We require suppliers to accept the Supplier Code of Conduct, which is based on the UNGC Principles. ilit y 3. Describe the processes in place to safely reclaim your products for reusing, recycling and disposing at the end of life, for a n d (a) Plastics (including packaging) S (b) E-waste u Not applicable. We don’t manufacture any products. We are an IT services company. s (c) Hazardous waste t a (d) Other waste in a b 4. Whether Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) is applicable to the entity’s activities (Yes / No): No ilit If yes, whether the waste collection plan is in line with the Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) plan submitted to Pollution Control Boards? y R If not, provide steps taken to address the same. e p o Not applicable r t Leadership Indicators 1. Has the entity conducted Life Cycle Perspective / Assessments (LCA) for any of its products (for manufacturing industry) or for its services (for service industry)? If yes, provide details in the following format? Not applicable 2. If there are any significant social or environmental concerns and / or risks arising from production or disposal of your products / services, as identified in the Life Cycle Perspective / Assessments (LCA) or through any other means, briefly describe the same along-with action taken to mitigate the same Not applicable 3. Percentage of recycled or reused input material to total material (by value) used in production (for manufacturing industry) or providing services (for service industry). In Not applicable. We are an IT services company, we don’t manufacture any products. fo s y s 4. Of the products and packaging collected at end of life of products, amount (in metric tonnes) reused, recycled, and safely disposed, as per the following format: In te g ra Not applicable. We are an IT services company, we don’t manufacture any products. te d A 5. Reclaimed products and their packaging materials (as percentage of products sold) for each product category. n n u a l Not applicable. We are an IT services company, we don’t manufacture any products. R e p o rt 2 0 2 4 -2 5 In PRINCIPLE 3: fo s y s Businesses should respect and promote the well-being of all employees, including those in their value chains In te g Essential indicators ra te d 1a. Details of measures for the well-being of employees: A n n u % of employees covered by a l R e p Category Total (A) Health insurance Accident insurance Maternity benefits Paternity benefits Daycare facilities o rt 2 0 2 Number (B) % (B / A) Number (C) % (C / A) Number (D) % (D / A) Number (E) % (E / A) Number (F) % (F / A) 4 -2 5 Permanent employees Male 1,97,246 1,97,246 100 1,97,246 100 NA NA 1,97,246 100 – – Female 1,26,332 1,26,332 100 1,26,332 100 1,26,332 100 NA NA – – Total 3,23,578 3,23,578 100 3,23,578 100 1,26,332 100 1,97,246 100 – – Other than permanent employees Male Vendors and contractors are required to adhere to statutory compliances as per the respective rules of the state. Female Total (1) We provide onsite, proximity and network (near-home) childcare support options for our employees in India, based on their preference. 1b. Details of measures for the well-being of workers: Not applicable 1c. Spending on measures towards well-being of employees and workers (including permanent and other than permanent) in the following format Fiscal 2025* Fiscal 2024 Cost incurred on well- being measures as a % of total revenue of the company 1.3 1.1 * Based on SEBI’s Industry Standards on reporting of BRSR Core 1 7 5 1 B 7 2. Details of retirement benefits, for current financial year and previous financial year. u 6 s in Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 e s s Benefits No. of employees No. of workers Deducted and No. of employees No. of workers Deducted and R e covered as a % of covered as a % of deposited with the covered as a % of covered as a % of deposited with the s p total employees total workers authority (Y/N/N.A.) total employees total workers authority (Y/N/N.A.) o n s PF(1) 100 NA Y 100 NA Y ib ilit Gratuity(1) 100 NA Y 100 NA Y y a n ESI(2) 3.5 NA Y 5 NA Y d S (NPS)(3) 3.7 NA Y 2.8 NA Y National Pension Scheme u s t superannuation(4) 12.9 NA Y 10 NA Y Others – a in a This table represents retirement benefits for the employees working in India. All our employees working outside India are eligible for retirement benefits according to applicable laws in the regions b we operate. ilit y (1) All eligible employees are covered. R (2) All eligible employees covered under the Employees State Insurance Act (“ESIC”), 1948 are provided the benefit. e p (3) Pertains to contribution made by employers for employees who have opted for the same. o r t (4) Eligible employees are participants to superannuation retirement fund. 3. Accessibility of workplaces Are the premises / offices of the entity accessible to differently abled employees and workers, as per the requirements of the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If not, whether any steps are being taken by the entity in this regard. Yes. The premises / offices of Infosys in India are accessible to differently-abled employees and workers, as per the requirements of the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016. 4. Does the entity have an equal opportunity policy as per the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If so, provide a web-link to the policy. Yes, the entity has an equal opportunity policy as per the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016. The policy of the Company is available on the website at https://www.infosys. com/careers/discover/culture/documents/diversity-inclusion-policy.pdf. 5. Return to work and Retention rates of permanent employees and workers that took parental leave. In fo employees(1) Gender Permanent Permanent workers s y s In %)(2) Return to work rate (In %) Retention rate (In Return to work rate (In %) Retention rate (In %) te g ra Male 99.9 83.8 NA NA te d A Female 99.4 78.9 NA NA n n u Total 99.6 81.2 NA NA a l R (1) 100% of our permanent employees are eligible for parental leaves subject to policy conditions. e p o (2) Based on the recommendations of GRI standard 401-3. rt 2 0 2 4 -2 5 In 6. Is there a mechanism available to receive and redress grievances for the following categories of employees and worker? If yes, give details of the mechanism in brief. fo s y Yes/No (If Yes, then give details of the mechanism in brief) s In te Permanent workers g ra NA Other than permanent te d workers A n n Permanent employees Yes, Infosys is committed to providing a safe and positive work environment as enshrined in our Code of Conduct. Employees and contract staff have u a access to a well-established robust grievance resolution mechanism known as Resolution hubs where they can highlight matters or concerns faced at l Other than permanent R e the workplace. p employees o rt For more information, refer to Resolution hubs available in the Management Discussion and Analysis section of this Integrated Annual Report. 2 0 2 4 7. Membership of employees and worker in association(s) or Unions recognised by the listed entity: -2 5 Category Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 % (D / C) % (B / A) Total employees / No. of employees / No. of employees / Total employees / workers in respective workers in respective workers in respective workers in respective category (C) category, who are category, who are category (A) part of association(s) part of association(s) or Union (D) or Union (B) Total permanent 3,23,578 2,713* 0.8 3,17,240 2,430* 0.8 employees Male 1,97,246 1,845 0.9 1,92,671 1,724 0.9 Female 1,26,332 868 0.7 1,24,569 706 0.6 Total permanent workers Male NA Female * Excludes employees who are part of Works Councils. 8. Details of training of employees and worker (% to total no. of employees / workers in the category): 2025(1) 2024(1) Category Fiscal Fiscal Total (A) On health and safety On skill upgradation Total (D) On health and safety On skill upgradation measures(2) measures(2) No. (B) % (B / A) No. (C) % (C / A) No. (E) % (E / D) No. (F) % (F / D) Male 1,97,246 1,97,246 100 1,75,377 88.9 1,92,671 1,92,671 100 1,79,663 93.2 Female 1,26,332 1,26,332 100 1,12,388 89.0 1,24,569 1,24,569 100 1,15,925 93.1 Total 3,23,578 3,23,578 100 2,87,765 88.9 3,17,240 3,17,240 100 2,95,588 93.2 Total permanent workers Male NA Female (1) Only for permanent employees (2) Includes awareness programs 1 7 7 1 B 7 u 9. Details of performance and career development reviews of employees and workers 8 s in e s s Category Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 R e s (A)(1) (C)(1) No. (B) % (B / A) Total No. (D) % (D / C) Total p o Employees n s ib Male 1,77,052 1,77,052 100 1,57,504 1,57,504 100 ilit Female 1,15,011 1,15,011 100 1,02,420 1,02,420 100 y a Total 2,92,063 2,92,063 100 2,59,924 2,59,924 100 n d Total permanent workers S u Male NA s t a in Female a b (1) 100% of eligible employees have received performance and career development reviews. ilit y R 10. Health and safety management system: e p o 10a. Whether an occupational health and safety management system has been implemented by the entity? (Yes / No). If yes, the coverage of such system? r t Yes. Infosys recognizes and accords highest priority to safety and well-being of its employees and other relevant parties. Our HSE Policy enunciates our philosophy and commitment towards the management of key Health, Safety and Environmental (HSE) aspects. In line with our strategy, our Health, Safety and Environmental Management System (HSEMS) at all India locations is certified to ISO 45001:2018 standard. HSEMS is implemented at all our overseas locations based on legal requirements / internal benchmarks and have also included them in the internal audits cycle. We have established numerous interventions to address occupational health-related topics such as emotional well-being, mental health, ergonomics, safety, lifestyle diseases and more. Well-equipped occupational health centers are available at all our campuses in India. During the year, doctors and physiotherapists have helped employees and their families through virtual consultations leveraging our telemedicine portal. More details on Occupational Health and Safety are available on our website at https://www.infosys.com/about/corporate-responsibility/social/employee-wellbeing/occupational-health-safety.html. 10b. What are the processes used to identify work-related hazards and assess risks on a routine and non-routine basis by the entity? We proactively identify occupational health and safety risks, for all existing / new / modified activities, processes, products or services, and regulatory changes, including routine and non-routine activities. Risk assessment includes quarterly evaluation of incidents that have occurred. Hazardous conditions, if any, are identified and prioritized for elimination and control. Once the identified hierarchy of controls is implemented, the risk assessment is revisited to assess the residual risks. As Infosys is an IT / ITES company, there are no product risks, but there are risks associated with the provision of services such as ergonomics at work and those associated with the operation of utilities and employees’ commute. Participation and consultation with relevant personnel involved in the activities is ensured during the risk assessments. Risks are also assessed before and after the development In of new buildings. Experience from previous projects and ongoing operations is also considered. We continually monitor our construction sites where infrastructure is being built. fo s More details on Occupational Health and Safety are available on our website at https://www.infosys.com/about/corporate-responsibility/social/employee-wellbeing/occupational- y s health-safety.html. In te g 10c. Whether you have processes for workers to report the work-related hazards and to remove themselves from such risks. (Y / N) ra te Yes. We have a process for employees and ‘other than permanent’ employees to report work-related hazards. d A n 10d. Do the employees/ worker of the entity have access to non-occupational medical and healthcare services? n u a l Yes R e p o rt 2 0 2 4 -2 5 In 11. Details of safety related incidents, in the following format: fo s y s 2025(1) 2024(1) Safety Incident/Number Category Fiscal Fiscal In te g Employees(2) Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR) (per one 0.088 0.127 ra te million-person hours worked) d Workers(3) NA NA A n n u Employees(2) 20 23 Total recordable work-related injuries a l R e Workers(3) NA NA p o rt 2 Employees(2) 1 0 No. of fatalities 0 2 4 -2 Workers(3) NA NA 5 High consequence work-related injury or ill-health Employees(2) 0 0 (excluding fatalities) Workers(3) NA NA (1) India operations (2) Includes ‘other than permanent’ employees (3) Infosys does not have workers. 12. Describe the measures taken by the entity to ensure a safe and healthy work place. Infosys acknowledges that Occupational Health and Safety (OH&S) is one of the key aspects of sustainable business practices. OH&S policies, processes, and practices at Infosys promote the physical, emotional, and social well-being of employees in the workplace. The robust Health and Safety Management system at Infosys has earned us the certification of ISO 45001:2018 for all Indian locations, including Infosys Limited and its subsidiaries, in line with our HSE strategy. The Company has implemented the following measures to ensure a safe and healthy workplace: 1. Incident management: Incidents, which include near misses / potential hazards / accidents, are reported through internal applications or email. The causes of incidents are identified, analyzed and appropriate corrective actions are taken to prevent recurrence or occurrence of incidents leading to injuries / losses. 2. OH&S Committee: Both employees and contract workers are part of the Infosys OH&S Committee, which helps in ensuring their active participation and consultation. 3. Training and awareness: Training includes awareness building, mock drills, classroom sessions and periodic demonstrations. HSEMS training is a part of our employee induction program. To enable continuous learning, an HSE awareness module is available on Lex, our internal learning platform. For contract staff, job-specific and general training is provided during induction and later through refresher training. 4. Safety interventions: We have always focused on building a culture of safety at Infosys. The safety systems in place include work permits, trainings, Lock Out Tag Out (LOTO), safety inspections, audits, operational controls, and monitoring. Policies have been established focusing on specific areas such as women’s safety, lone working, transport, travel, construction and others. 5. Medical services: We have set up first aid centers on our campuses in India. Some of the first aid facilities are operational round the clock. Our telemedicine portal continues to operate and allows our employees to consult the doctors at our occupational health centers in India online. We have ambulance services available or have arrangements for ambulances to be made available at all our India-based locations. 6. Health Risk Assessment (HRA): HRA is conducted annually based on inputs from the OHC. Being an IT / ITES company, the prevalent risks include ergonomics, Musculoskeletal Disorders (MSDs), emotional well-being, etc., associated with the workplace, operation of utilities, and commute. Numerous initiatives, interventions, engagement virtual sessions, and process controls are in place to address these risks. 1 7 9 1 B 8 7. Programs on ergonomics: These include on-site physiotherapy centers, interventions by ergonomic experts and the provision of ergonomic infrastructure. u 0 s in 8. Physical and emotional well-being: We have nutritionists at our locations in India to provide counseling and guidance. We have also set up state-of-the-art gyms to e train physical and mental fitness. s s R 9. Programs for mothers: Pregna Care, a professional healthcare program, is specially designed for expectant mothers and aims to provide maximum comfort for the e mother. s p o 10. Working environment: We also focus on improving the working environment by monitoring indoor air quality, lux and noise levels and promoting the use of green seal n s chemicals. ib ilit 13. Number of complaints on the following made by employees and workers: y a n Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 d S u Filed during the year Pending resolution Remarks Filed during the year Pending resolution at Remarks s t at the end of year the end of year a in a Working conditions 16 0 – 35 3 The resolution of complaints b ilit which are in progress relate to modifications in infrastructure y R which is currently underway e p o The resolution of complaints r t which are in progress relate to Health and safety modifications in infrastructure which is currently underway 11 0 – 25 2 14. Assessment for the year for health and safety: Our Health, Safety and Environmental Management System (HSEMS) is certified to ISO 45001:2018 standard audited by certifying bodies annually. The scope of HSEMS is applicable to all activities, which are a part of our operations and employees working for and on behalf of the Company, including deputees at client sites. Safety and well-being of our employees is accorded the highest priority. Our internal Corporate Certification Audits and Assessments Team (CCAT) conducts periodic assessments across Infosys locations annually. parties)(1) Assessments for the year % of your plants and offices that were assessed (by entity or statutory authorities or third Health and safety practices 100 In fo Working conditions 100 s y s In (1) India operations, as per the internal assessment plan for the year. te g ra te d 15. Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway to address safety-related incidents (if any) and on significant risks / concerns arising from assessments of A n health and safety practices and working conditions. n u a l There have been no significant risks / concerns arising from assessments of health and safety practices and working conditions. Stringent operation controls such as maker and R e p checker control points are deployed across the operational areas. These are also monitored on a periodic basis. o rt 2 0 2 4 -2 5 In Leadership indicators fo s y s 1. Does the entity extend any life insurance or any compensatory package in the event of death of (A) employee (Y / N) (B) worker (Y / N) In te (A) Yes g ra (B) Not applicable te d A n 2. Provide the measures undertaken by the entity to ensure that statutory dues have been deducted and deposited by the value chain partners. n u a l The Company periodically audits value chain partners to ensure timely deduction and deposit of statutory dues. R e p o rt 2 3. Provide the number of employees / workers having suffered high consequence work-related injury / ill-health / fatalities (as reported in Q11 of Essential indicators above), 0 2 who have been are rehabilitated and placed in suitable employment or whose family members have been placed in suitable employment 4 -2 5 Total no. of affected employees / workers No. of employees / workers that are rehabilitated and placed in suitable employment or whose family members have been placed in suitable employment Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 Employees 1 0 0 0 Workers NA NA NA NA 4. Does the entity provide transition assistance programs to facilitate continued employability and the management of career endings resulting from retirement or termination of employment? (Yes / No) Yes 5. Details on assessment of value chain partners % of value chain partners (by value of business done with such partners) that were assessed* Working conditions 85.8 Health and safety 85.8 * We have completed ESG assessment of 800+ upstream suppliers as on March 31, 2025. 6. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks / concerns arising from assessments of health and safety practices and working conditions of value chain partners There were no significant risks / concerns arising from assessments of health and safety practices and working conditions of value chain partners. 1 8 1 1 B 8 u PRINCIPLE 4: Businesses should respect the interests of and be responsive to all its stakeholders 2 s in e Essential indicators s s R 1. Describe the processes for identifying key stakeholder groups of the entity e s p We identify and prioritize our stakeholders based on the impact of the Company on the stakeholders and the ability of the stakeholder groups to influence the functioning of the o n Company. As part of the materiality assessment, we have identified six key stakeholder groups: Investors/shareholders, clients, employees and sub-contractors, suppliers/partners, s ib government/regulators and the community. The ESG Committee of the Board also approves the continued relevance of the material matters encompassing the views of our ilit stakeholders on an annual basis. y a n d 2. List stakeholder groups identified as key for your entity and the frequency of engagement with each stakeholder group. S u s t a in Frequency of Purpose and scope of engagement Channels of communication (Email, SMS, newspaper, Stakeholder group Whether identified a b including key topics and concerns raised as vulnerable or pamphlets, advertisement, community meetings, notice engagement ilit (Annually/ Half- during such engagement board, website, others (please specify) marginalized y (Yes/No) yearly/ Quarterly R / others – please e p specify) o r t Investors No • Investors calls, emails, and personal meetings Ongoing • To answer queries of investors on Infosys’ ambitions and progress • Analyst meets • Build transparency with existing and • Conferences (including broker-led events) potential investors • Quarterly results • Annual General Meeting • Sustainability report • Financial reports • India stock exchange filings (NSE and BSE) • US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings • Press releases • Social media In Employees No • Employee satisfaction surveys Ongoing • Communicate the employee value fo s proposition • Employee resource groups y s In • Keep a finger on pulse of employee • Resolution hubs and whistleblower mechanism te engagement g • Communication blogs ra te • Provide an opportunity to raise • Development centers’ engagement initiatives d concerns A n • InfyMe (Intranet) and podcasts n • Training and development u a l • Employee recognition and R e p engagement activities o rt • Performance review and career 2 0 2 development 4 -2 • Employee health, safety, and 5 well being In fo Stakeholder group Whether identified Channels of communication (Email, SMS, newspaper, Frequency of Purpose and scope of engagement s y as vulnerable or pamphlets, advertisement, community meetings, notice engagement including key topics and concerns raised s In marginalized board, website, others (please specify) (Annually/ Half- during such engagement te g (Yes/No) yearly/ Quarterly ra / others – please te d specify) A n n u • Client visits and meetings Ongoing • Engage with clients on Infosys Clients No a l R solutions and services, including • Customer satisfaction surveys e p climate change solutions o • Annual customer conclaves rt 2 • Seek client feedback on our solutions 0 2 and services and continuously 4 -2 improve to meet their expectations 5 • Develop relationships and partnerships with clients enabling delivery of high-quality client services and solutions • Communicate Infosys’ credentials including ESG credentials Government and No • Engagement with government and global forums Ongoing • Share ESG best practices regulatory bodies • Policy advocacy and representations • Participate in forums to strengthen the adoption of responsible business • Engagement with industry, government and regulatory practices bodies • Participate / assist in the development of regulations / public policies • Share a perspective on global standards and alignment with international benchmarking Communities Yes • Meetings with associations / NGOs Ongoing • Enable access to digital skilling • Local community interactions • Serve the community through Tech for Good programs in education, • Social media healthcare, and governance • Enable participation of diverse communities in the economy • CSR engagement Suppliers No • Suppliers meet, Sambandh (bi-annual) Ongoing • Keep a finger on pulse on supplier engagement • ESG report • Provide an opportunity to raise • Supplier engagement on ESG concerns • Training and development 1 8 3 1 B 8 Leadership indicators u 4 s in 1. Provide the processes for consultation between stakeholders and the Board on economic, environmental, and social topics or if consultation is delegated, how is e s s feedback from such consultations provided to the Board. R e We have identified our most material issues through a data-driven and consultative exercise. The material topics were shortlisted and prioritized based on their impact on our s p stakeholders and our business. Periodic meetings were held to update the sub-committees of the Board. o n s 2. Whether stakeholder consultation is used to support the identification and management of environmental, and social topics (Yes / No). If so, provide details of instances ib ilit as to how the inputs received from stakeholders on these topics were incorporated into policies and activities of the entity. y Yes. Our material topics were shortlisted and prioritized based on their impact on our stakeholders and our business. The material topics and the linked ambitions can be accessed a n through our ESG Vision 2030 and performance updates through our annual ESG Reports. d S u 3. Provide details of instances of engagement with, and actions taken to, address the concerns of vulnerable / marginalized stakeholder groups. s t a Infosys Foundation was set up to support underprivileged sections of society, create opportunities and strive towards a more equitable society. Infosys contributes as a part of in its CSR initiatives to Infosys Foundation. The Foundation engages with the community, especially vulnerable and marginalized stakeholder groups, in a variety of focus areas. For a b information on the percentage of beneficiaries of the CSR projects, refer to Principle 8, Q.6 (Leadership Indicators) in this report. Read the Infosys Foundation annual reports at ilit https://www.infosys.com/infosys-foundation/. y R e p o r t PRINCIPLE 5: Businesses should respect and promote human rights Essential indicators 1. Employees and workers who have been provided training on human rights issues and policy(ies) of the entity, in the following format: Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 No. of employees / No. of employees / % (D / C)* % (B / A)* Total (C) Total (A) workers covered (D) workers covered (B) Employees Permanent 3,23,578 3,18,667 98.4 3,17,240 3,10,135 97.7 In fo permanent(1) Other than 25,018 25,018 100 23,447 19,346 82.5 s y s Total employees 3,48,596 3,43,685 98.6 3,40,687 3,29,481 96.7 In te g Workers ra te d Permanent NA NA NA NA NA NA A n n Other than permanent NA NA NA NA NA NA u a l Total workers NA NA NA NA NA NA R e p o * The Code of Conduct expresses Infosys’ commitment to conducting business ethically and in accordance with the values of the Company while respecting the human rights of all stakeholders. rt 2 All employees are trained on the Code during their induction into the organization. Our Human Rights Statement is a part of the Code of Conduct which is approved by the Board on an annual basis. 0 2 4 (1) Considering the Supplier Code of Conduct is mandatorily applicable to all suppliers -2 5 In 2. Details of minimum wages paid to employees and workers, in the following format: fo s y s Infosys operates in 59 countries, and employees are hired across geographies. The legal minimum wage is defined based on various parameters such as tenure, role, location, In te citizenship status, etc., and it varies by country and even by state within some countries. We have defined detailed processes considering these parameters to ensure the employees g ra are paid according to local regulations and we are compliant with local laws, as applicable. te d A n n Category Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 u a l R e Equal to minimum wage More than minimum wage Equal to minimum wage More than minimum wage Total Total p o rt employees employees 2 (D) 0 (A)* No. (B) % (B /A) No. (C) % (C /A) No. (E) % (E /D) No. (F) % (F /D) 2 4 -2 5 Permanent employees Male 1,64,758 1,919 1.16 1,62,839 98.84 1,61,214 1,345 0.83 1,59,869 99.17 Female 1,05,738 2,431 2.30 1,03,307 97.70 1,04,118 1,743 1.67 1,02,375 98.33 Other than permanent employees Male Vendors and contractors are required to adhere to statutory compliances as per the state rules. Female * India only 3. Details of remuneration/salary/wages: a. Median remuneration/wages: Male Female Median remuneration / salary / wages of Median remuneration / Number Number crore)(1) crore)(1) (` (` respective category salary / wages of respective category Board of Directors (BoD) 6 2.35 2 2.51 (KMP)(2) 3 3.11 – – Key Managerial Personnel Junior 61,837 0.04 52,898 0.04 Middle 98,126 0.12 63,938 0.10 Employees(3) other than BoD and KMP Senior 37,280 0.29 9,496 0.24 Total 1,97,246 0.11 1,26,332 0.08 Workers NA NA NA NA As on March 31, 2025 (1) Based on SEBI’s Industry Standards on reporting of BRSR Core (2) Remuneration to Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director (CEO & MD) has been included in KMP. (3) Includes permanent employees only 1 8 5 1 B 8 u b. Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages paid by the entity, in the following format 6 s in e Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 s s R Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages* 29.1 29.4 e s p * Includes permanent employees only and for fiscal 2025, based on SEBI’s Industry Standards on reporting of BRSR Core o n s ib 4. Do you have a focal point (Individual / Committee) responsible for addressing human rights impacts or issues caused or contributed to by the business? (Yes / No) ilit y Yes a n d 5. Describe the internal mechanisms in place to redress grievances related to human rights issues. S u s Infosys is committed to providing a safe and positive work environment as enshrined in our Code of Conduct. Employees and contract staff have access to a well-established robust t a grievance resolution mechanism known as Resolution hubs where they can highlight matters or concerns faced at the workplace including those pertaining to human rights. in a b For more information, refer to Resolution hubs available in the Management’s Discussion and Analysis section of this Integrated Annual Report. ilit y R 6. Number of complaints on the following made by employees and workers: e p o Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 r t Filed during Pending resolution at Remarks Filed during Pending resolution Remarks the year the end of year the year at the end of year Incidents of sexual harassment Incidents of sexual harassment were reviewed as per the were reviewed as per the 31(1) 13(2) Sexual harassment 103 requirements of the POSH Act in 98 requirements of the POSH Act in India and as per the established India and as per the established grievance redressal process. grievance redressal process. Incidents pertaining to Incidents pertaining to discrimination were reviewed as discrimination were reviewed as Discrimination at 5(1) 6(2) 82 13 per the established grievance per the established grievance workplace redressal process for HEAR. redressal process for HEAR. Child labor – – – – – In fo s Forced labor / y – – – – – s Involuntary labor In te g Wages – – – – – ra te d Other human rights- – – – – – A related issues n n u a l (1) As on May 20, 2025, we have 14 cases of sexual harassment and four cases of discrimination at workplace, pending resolution. R e (2) All the pending cases in fiscal 2024 were resolved. p o rt A robust feedback mechanism ensures employee feedback and concerns are heard and addressed in a timely manner. Read more at https://www.infosys.com/about/esg/social/employee-wellbeing/ 2 resolution-hubs.html. 0 2 4 -2 5 In fo 7. Complaints filed under the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013, in the following format: s y s In Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 te g ra te Total complaints reported under Sexual Harassment of Women d at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 43 64 A n 2013 (POSH) n u a l R Complaints on POSH as a % of female employees / workers 0.04 0.06 e p o rt Complaints on POSH upheld 33 61 2 0 2 4 -2 5 8. Mechanism to prevent adverse consequences to the complainant in discrimination and harassment cases Infosys’ non-retaliation policy is an embodiment of our values and a cornerstone of our Code. Infosys commits to protect the complainant and ensures that they are not retaliated against because of any report that they raise in good faith. Infosys does not tolerate any form of retaliation (whether by a manager, co-worker or otherwise) against an individual because he or she made a good faith report of an integrity concern. This protection also extends to anyone who assists with or cooperates in an investigation or reports of an integrity concern or question. We support those who support our values. 9. Do human rights requirements form part of your business agreements and contracts? (Yes / No) Yes 10. Assessments for the year: % of your plants and offices that were assessed (by entity or statutory authorities or third parties)* Child labor 100 Forced / involuntary labor 100 Sexual harassment 100 Discrimination at workplace 100 Wages 100 Others – please specify – * India operations, as per the internal assessment plan for the year 11. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks / concerns arising from the assessments at Question 10 above There were no significant risks / concerns arising from the human rights assessments. 1 8 7 1 B 8 Leadership indicators u 8 s in 1. Details of a business process being modified / introduced as a result of addressing human rights grievances / complaints e s s None R e s p o 2. Details of the scope and coverage of any human rights due diligence conducted. n s ib Infosys is committed to providing a healthy and safe work environment, which is integral to our Code of Conduct. Training on Infosys values and the Code of Conduct and Ethics, ilit in which our stand on human rights is enshrined, is an integral part of the induction program for new employees. Every employee at Infosys is mandated to take the annual Smart y Awareness Quiz (SAQ), which contains learning and assessments on the Code and human rights-related topics. Year-round email campaigns on human rights topics remind a n employees of the expectations of maintaining a respectful workplace for everyone. A periodic ‘Pulse’ survey rolled out to employees solicits feedback on various topics, including d human rights. S u All suppliers must mandatorily sign the Infosys Supplier Code of Conduct, which contains Human Rights clauses. Our ESG learning portal for our suppliers includes topics on human s t rights, and our supplier ESG assessments include human rights-related topics. a in a b ilit 3. Is the premise / office of the entity accessible to differently-abled visitors, as per the requirements of the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? y R Yes. The premise / office of the entity is accessible to differently-abled visitors, as per the requirements of the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016, India. e p o r t 4. Details on assessment of value chain partners: % of value chain partners (by value of business done with such partners) that were assessed* Sexual harassment 85.8 Discrimination at workplace 85.8 Child labor 85.8 Forced labor / involuntary labor 85.8 Wages 85.8 Others – please specify – In fo s y * We have completed ESG assessment of 800+ upstream suppliers as on March 31, 2025. s In te g ra 5. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks / concerns arising from the assessments at Question 4 above. te d A There were no significant risks / concerns arising from the assessments. n n u a l R e p o rt 2 0 2 4 -2 5 In fo PRINCIPLE 6: Businesses should respect and make efforts to protect and restore the environment s y s In Essential indicators te g ra te d 1. Details of total energy consumption (in Joules or multiples) and energy intensity, in the following format A n n u Parameter Fiscal 2025 (in GJ) Fiscal 2024 (in GJ) a l R e p From renewable sources o rt 2 0 Total electricity consumption (A) 5,82,411 4,85,753 2 4 -2 5 Total fuel consumption (B) 3,291 0 Energy consumption through other sources (C) 0 0 Total energy consumption (A + B + C) 5,85,702 4,85,753 From non-renewable sources Total electricity consumption (D) 2,10,057 3,12,952 Total fuel consumption (E) 54,675 40,743 Energy consumption through other sources (F) 0 0 Total energy consumed from non-renewable sources (D + E + F) 2,64,732 3,53,695 F)(1) Total energy consumed (A + B + C + D + E + 8,50,434 8,39,448 Energy intensity per rupee of turnover (Total energy consumed / revenue from operations) 0.000000522 0.000000546 Energy intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) (Total energy 0.00001078 0.00001224 PPP)(2) consumed / Revenue from operations adjusted for Energy intensity in terms of physical output (GJ / capita / annum) 2.44 2.46 Energy intensity (optional) – the relevant metric may be selected by the entity Nil Nil Note: Indicate if any independent assessment / evaluation / assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y / N) If yes, name of the external agency Yes, Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP (1) Includes global energy consumption (2) The revenue from operations has been adjusted for PPP based on the latest PPP conversion factor published by the IMF - for India. For the years ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, it is 20.66 and 22.40, respectively. 1 8 9 1 B 9 2. Does the entity have any sites / facilities identified as designated consumers (DCs) under the Performance, Achieve and Trade (PAT) Scheme of the Government of India? u 0 s (Y / N) If yes, disclose whether targets set under the PAT scheme have been achieved. In case targets have not been achieved, provide the remedial action taken, if any. in e s Not applicable for IT sector s R e s p 3. Provide details of the following disclosures related to water: o n s ib Parameter Fiscal 2025 (in kl) Fiscal 2024 (in kl) ilit y Water withdrawal by source (in kilolitres) a n d 2,77,911(1) 2,62,929(1) (i) Surface water S u (ii) Groundwater 52,332 53,715 s t a in water(2) 17,55,337 20,00,564 (iii) Third-party a b ilit (iv) Seawater / desalinated water Nil Nil y (v) Others 0 0 R e p Total volume of water withdrawal (i + ii + iii + iv + v) 20,85,580 23,17,208 o r t Total volume of water consumption (in kilolitres) 19,55,525 1,99,5892 Water intensity per rupee of turnover (Total water consumption / Revenue from operations) 0.00000119 0.00000130 Water intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) (Total water 0.00002478 0.00002909 consumption / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP) Water intensity in terms of physical output (kl / capita / annum) 5.61 5.86 Water intensity (optional) – the relevant metric may be selected by the entity Nil Nil Note: Indicate if any independent assessment / evaluation / assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y / N) If yes, name of the external agency Yes, Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP (1) As per GRI 303-3, surface water includes collected or harvested rainwater (2) Grey water is included under third party water and fiscal 2024 figures are restated. Includes global water consumption In fo s 4. Provide the following details related to water discharged: y s In te g Parameter Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 ra te Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kilolitres) d A n n (i) To surface water NA NA u a l R – No treatment e p o rt – With treatment – please specify level of treatment 2 0 2 4 -2 5 In Parameter Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 fo s y (ii) To groundwater NA NA s In te – No treatment g ra – With treatment – please specify level of treatment te d A (iii) To seawater NA NA n n u – No treatment a l R e – With treatment – please specify level of treatment p o rt (iv) Sent to third-parties 2 0 2 treatment(1) – No 1,30,055 3,21,316 4 -2 5 – With treatment – please specify level of treatment (v) Others NA NA – No treatment – With treatment – please specify level of treatment kilolitres)(2) Total water discharged (in 1,30,055 3,21,316 Note: Indicate if any independent assessment / evaluation / assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y / N) If yes, name of the external agency. Yes, Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP (1) Treatment in centralized sewage treatment plants is managed by local authorities. (2) Includes one leased location in India and all leased overseas locations. Water is discharged to municipal sewers and finally treated. 5. Has the entity implemented a mechanism for Zero Liquid Discharge? If yes, provide details of its coverage and implementation. All sewage generated on campus in our India locations is treated in the in-house sewage treatment plants (STP), and the recycled water is used for irrigation, HVAC, and flushing purposes. In our leased or serviced offices where we do not have operational control or is limited and in absence of a STP, the wastewater is discharged into municipal sewers, which undergo further treatment. 6. Please provide details of air emissions (other than GHG emissions) by the entity, in the following format Parameter Please specify unit Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 NOx Kg 40,286 52,524 SOx Kg 873 1,333 Particulate matter (PM) Kg 4,423 3,812 Persistent organic pollutants (POP) NA NA NA Volatile organic compounds (VOC) NA NA NA Hazardous air pollutants (HAP) NA NA NA Others – please specify NA NA NA Note: Indicate if any independent assessment / evaluation / assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y / N) If yes, name of the external agency. 1 9 Yes, Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP 1 1 B 9 u 7. Provide details of greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions) and its intensity, in the following format : 2 s in e Parameter Unit Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 s s R e Total Scope 1 emissions (Break-up of the s Metric tonnes of CO p 8,745(2) GHG into CO , CH , N O, HFCs, PFCs, SF , 7,150 2 o equivalent 2 4 2 6 n available)(1) NF , if s 3 ib ilit Total Scope 2 emissions (Break-up of the Metric tonnes of CO y 38,586(2) , CH , N O, HFCs, PFCs, SF , 55,881 GHG into CO 2 equivalent 2 4 2 6 a available)(3) NF , if n 3 d Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions per S u rupee of turnover (Total Scope 1 and Metric tonnes of CO s 0.000000029 0.000000041 2 t equivalent per Rupee Scope 2 GHG emissions / Revenue from a in operations) a b e / PPP 0.00000060 0.00000092 tCO Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission ilit 2 intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for y Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) (Total Scope R e 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions / Revenue p o from operations adjusted for PPP) r t Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission tCO e / capita / annum 0.14 0.19 2 intensity in terms of physical output Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity (optional) – the relevant metric Nil Nil Nil may be selected by the entity Note: Indicate if any independent assessment / evaluation / assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y / N) If yes, name of the external agency. Yes, Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP (1) Scope 1 emissions cover all owned offices (India, US and China) and leased offices in India; Leased space in overseas locations will not be considered as it is falls in de-minimus for diesel / natural gas consumption. (2) Refer ESG Databook Annexure 4:GHG Emissions and Annexure 6: Emissions factors used for GHG calculations (3) Scope 2 includes India and overseas locations. 8. Does the entity have any project related to reducing greenhouse gas emission? If yes, provide details. In fo Infosys has been carbon neutral since fiscal 2020 across Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions. Our approach to carbon neutrality is based on reducing and avoiding emissions through energy s y s efficiency and renewable energy. Energy efficiency is achieved through super-efficient new buildings, industry-leading Energy Performance Index (EPI) <65 kWh/m2-yr, real-time In te monitoring and optimization of building operations through smart building systems, and retrofits in existing buildings. Infosys has implemented several retrofit projects (across air g ra conditioning, lighting, and UPS systems) in the past and achieved a connected electrical load reduction of 36 MW across campuses in India. In 2025, we have undertaken a retrofit te e. To achieve our goal of transitioning project to replace direct FCU units with chilled water units of air conditioning, which saved 1.3 lakh kWh and reduced emissions by 94.72 tCO d 2 A to clean energy, we have installed 60 MW of solar PV capacity. n n u a l R e p o rt 2 0 2 4 -2 5 In fo 9. Provide details related to waste management by the entity, in the following format: s y s In te Parameter Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 g ra te Total waste generated (in metric tonnes) d A n n Plastic waste (A) u 118.91 132.80 a l R e E-waste (B) 422.42 470.41 p o rt (C)(1) Biomedical waste 70.10 124.84 2 0 2 4 (D)(2) Construction and demolition waste 982.84 38,340.11 -2 5 Battery waste (E) 115.39 139.23 Radioactive waste (F) 0.12 0.12 Other hazardous waste. Please specify, if any. (G) (used oil, discarded containers, etc.) 65.98 98.68 Other non-hazardous waste generated (H). Please specify, if any. (Break-up by composition i.e. by materials relevant to the sector – food waste, garden waste, etc.) 9,914.08 10,277.39 Total (A + B + C + D + E + F + G + H) 11,689.87 49,583.58 Waste intensity per rupee of turnover (Total waste generated / Revenue from operations) 0.00000000717 0.0000000322 Waste intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) (Total waste 0.0000001481 0.0000007228 generated / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP) annum)(3) Waste intensity in terms of physical output (MT / capita / 0.03 0.03 Waste intensity (optional) – the relevant metric may be selected by the entity Nil Nil For each category of waste generated, total waste recovered through recycling, re-using or other recovery operations (in metric tonnes) Category of waste Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 (i) Recycled 10,605.70 46,639.05 (ii) Reused 657.12 215.86 (iii) Other recovery operations 33.06 63.60 Total 11,295.88 46,918.51 For each category of waste generated, total waste disposed by nature of disposal method (in metric tonnes) Category of waste Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 (i) Incineration 107.22 154.94 (ii) Landfilling 98.10 2,395.88 (iii) Other disposal operations 188.67 114.25 1 9 3 Total 393.99 2,665.07 1 B 9 Note: Indicate if any independent assessment / evaluation / assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y / N) If yes, name of the external agency. u 4 s in Yes, Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP e (1) Includes sanitary waste s s (2) Excludes C&D waste from infrastructure development R e (3) This includes waste generated in India, overseas-owned (Indianapolis and Shanghai) and e-waste for all locations globally. s p o n s 10. Briefly describe the waste management practices adopted in your establishments. Describe the strategy adopted by your company to reduce usage of hazardous and ib ilit toxic chemicals in your products and processes and the practices adopted to manage such wastes. y a The 5R principle –’ Refuse, Reduce, Reuse, Refurbish / Repurpose and Recycle’ – forms the foundation of Infosys’ waste management strategy. Through our efforts, we turn waste n d into resources and thus support a circular economy. Infosys has adopted a comprehensive waste management practice which involves collection, sorting and disposal of waste. S Waste management practices at Infosys include source segregation, secondary segregation, effective waste processing and collection, recycling and efficient disposal of all waste in u s accordance with relevant laws. This helps reduce negative impacts on the environment. t a in We seek to uphold our ambition of ‘zero waste to landfill’ through active minimization combined with technological investment in recycling and streamlining of systems and a b processes. Infosys is pursuing the goal of zero waste to landfill at all of its own sites by 2030, utilizing the TRUE Certification for Zero Waste, provided by Green Business Certification ilit Inc. TRUE Certification requires a facility to divert at least 90% of its waste from landfill, incineration (waste-to-energy), and the environment. Using TRUE’s portfolio approach, y Infosys has earned TRUE Certification for three campuses last year, and is committed to achieving certification for seven of its owned campuses in fiscal 2026 and subsequently will R embark on the certification for the rest of the owned locations. e p o The e-waste is disposed to authorized refurbishers, recyclers who issue us certificates for successful recycling and recovery of the material. These are established with a focus on r t adhering to principles of circularity. Other hazardous waste such as biomedical waste, oil-soaked cotton, oil filters from DG sets, and other trash are designated by the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) and the State Pollution Control Board (SPCB). These agencies incinerate the waste in compliance with the rules and regulations. The resulting ash is used in some places for the manufacture of cement and is sent for Treatment, Storage, Disposal Facility (TSDF) landfills for safe disposal. 11. If the entity has operations / offices in / around ecologically sensitive areas (such as national parks, wildlife sanctuaries, biosphere reserves, wetlands, biodiversity hotspots, forests, coastal regulation zones) where environmental approvals are required, please specify details in the following format: Not applicable 12. Details of environmental impact assessments of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in the current financial year: Whether conducted by independent Results communicated in Relevant web-link Name and brief details of EIA Notification No. Date external agency (Yes public domain (Yes / No) project In / No) fo s y s In te Nil g ra te d A n n u 13. Is the entity compliant with the applicable environmental law / regulations / guidelines in India; such as the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, a l R Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Environment Protection Act and rules thereunder (Y / N). If not, provide details of all such non-compliances in e p o the following format: rt 2 0 Yes. Infosys is compliant with all applicable environmental law / regulations / guidelines in India. 2 4 -2 5 In Leadership indicators fo s y s 1. Water withdrawal, consumption and discharge in areas of water stress (in kilolitres): In te g For each facility / plant located in areas of water stress, provide the following information: ra te (i) Name of the area: There are 10 water stress zones : India, Australia, Bulgaria, Chile, Mexico, Poland, Romania, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, Thailand, UAE d A n n (ii) Nature of operations: IT/ITES services u a l R (iii) Water withdrawal, consumption and discharge in the following format: e p o rt 2 0 Parameter Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 2 4 -2 5 Water withdrawal by source (in kilolitres) (i) Surface water (rain water) 2,77,911 2,62,929 (ii) Groundwater 52,332 53,715 (iii) Third-party water 16,31,025 16,98,770 (iv) Seawater / desalinated water Nil Nil (v) Others 0 0 Total volume of water withdrawal 19,61,268 20,15,414 (in kilolitres) Total volume of water consumption 19,43,094 19,37,569 (in kilolitres) Water intensity per rupee of 0.00000119 0.00000126 turnover (water consumed / turnover) Water intensity (optional) – the relevant metric may Nil Nil be selected by the entity Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kilolitres) (i) Into surface water Nil Nil – No treatment – With treatment – please specify level of treatment (ii) Into groundwater Nil Nil – No treatment – With treatment – please specify level of treatment (iii) Into seawater Nil Nil – No treatment – With treatment – please specify level of treatment 1 9 5 1 B 9 u Parameter Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 6 s in e (iv) Sent to third-parties s s 18,174(1) – No treatment 77,845 R e s – With treatment – please specify level of p o treatment n s ib (v) Others ilit – No treatment y a – With treatment – please specify level of n d treatment S u Total water discharged (in kilolitres) 18,174 77,845 s t a Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency. in a Yes, Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP b ilit (1) Includes three leased locations in India, and overseas leased offices in water stress regions. Treatment in centralized sewage treatment plants is managed by local authorities. y R 2. Please provide details of total Scope 3 emissions and its intensity, in the following format: e p o r Parameter Unit Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 t , CH , Metric tonnes of CO Total Scope 3 emissions (Break-up of the GHG into CO 1,79,370(1) 1,80,737 2 4 2 N O, HFCs, PFCs, SF , NF , if available) equivalent 2 6 3 Metric tonnes of CO Total Scope 3 emissions per rupee of turnover 0.000000110 0.000000117 2 equivalent per Rupee Total Scope 3 emission intensity (optional) – the relevant Nil Nil Nil metric may be selected by the entity Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency. Yes, Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP (1) Refer ESG Databook Annexure 4:GHG Emissions and Annexure 6: Emissions factors used for GHG calculations 3. With respect to the ecologically sensitive areas reported at Question 11 of Essential Indicators above, provide details of significant direct & indirect impact of the entity on biodiversity in such areas along-with prevention and remediation activities. In fo NA s y s In te g ra te d A n n u a l R e p o rt 2 0 2 4 -2 5 In fo 4. If the entity has undertaken any specific initiatives or used innovative technology or solutions to improve resource efficiency, or reduce impact due to emissions / s y effluent discharge / waste generated, please provide details of the same as well as outcome of such initiatives, as per the following format s In te S.No. Initiative undertaken Details of the initiative (Web-link, if any, may be provided Outcome of the initiative g ra along-with summary) te d We have achieved highest green building A We continue to expand our green building portfolio with the highest level of green n n 1 Green buildings rating for 29.7 million square feet which u certification. a includes owned and leased premises. l R e Our new buildings are equipped with innovative technologies like shading devices, p o rt The innovative technologies used in our radiant cooling and high performance façade systems such as double-glazed systems 2 new buildings have resulted in Energy with Argon-filled gas. Also, we are among the first in the industry to undertake an 0 2 Innovative technologies in 4 Performance Index (EPI) of lower than 65 Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) of all our new buildings to assess the embodied carbon 2 -2 our new buildings 5 kWh/m2/year. Phase out of refrigerant footprint. with high global warming potential We have also introduced Hydrofluoroolefin (HFO) magnetic chillers with zero ozone depletion potential and a very low Global Warming Potential (GWP). 5. Does the entity have a business continuity and disaster management plan? Give details in 100 words/ web link. Infosys has a Business Continuity Management System (BCMS) called Phoenix, certified by ISO 22301:2019 Security and Resilience – Business Continuity Management Standard. This program is designed to ensure seamless continuity of business and the utmost safety of our employees and assets while continuously meeting client expectations. The BCMS program provides a robust framework for planning, establishing, implementing, operating, monitoring, reviewing, maintaining, and continually improving business continuity measures across Infosys and its subsidiaries. Apart from Phoenix plan at the corporate level, comprehensive business continuity plans are created at three operational levels covering business functions, locations, and accounts. Integrated into our Enterprise Risk Management Framework, the BCMS plans guide our typical response to events, such as catastrophes and natural or human-made disasters, which could disrupt or severely constrain our operations. This covers various crisis scenarios as part of detailed risk assessments (at functions, locations, and accounts level), which are documented with mitigation plans along with controls put in place. The management system has been continuously validated across levels through tests and exercises, and various incidents have been successfully tackled without significant business continuity or employee safety impacts. An efficient business continuity management policy has enabled us to maintain status quo during disasters. 6. Disclose any significant adverse impact to the environment, arising from the value chain of the entity. What mitigation or adaptation measures have been taken by the entity in this regard. As per ESG assessment of 800+ top upstream suppliers , no significant adverse impacts to environment were identified. 7. Percentage of value chain partners (by value of business done with such partners) that were assessed for environmental impacts. 85.8* * We have completed ESG assessment of 800+ upstream suppliers as on March 31, 2025. 8. Green Credits generated or procured by the listed entity and its top-10 value chain partners. Nil 1 9 7 1 B 9 u PRINCIPLE 7: Businesses, when engaging in influencing public and regulatory policy, should do so in a 8 s in manner that is responsible and transparent e s s R Essential indicators e s p o 1. a. Number of affiliations with trade and industry chambers / associations. n s ib 25+ ilit y a n b. List the top 10 trade and industry chambers/ associations (determined based on the total members of such body) the entity is a member of/ affiliated to. d S u s t S. Name of the trade and industry chambers / associations* Reach of trade and industry chambers / associations a in No. (State / National) a b ilit 1 National Association of Software and Services Companies (NASSCOM) National y 2 US Chamber of Commerce International R e p 3 Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) National o r t 4 World Economic Forum (WEF) International 5 Federation of Indian Chamber of Commerce & Industry (FICCI) National 6 Sweden India Business Council International 7 Data Security Council of India National 8 US-India Strategic Partnership Forum (USISPF) International 9 US-India Business Council (USIBC) International 10 Business Council of Australia International * Indicative list 2. Provide details of corrective action taken or underway on any issues related to anti-competitive conduct by the entity, based on adverse orders from In fo regulatory authorities s y s In No adverse orders were received from regulatory authorities. te g ra te d A n n u a l R e p o rt 2 0 2 4 -2 5 In Leadership indicators fo s y s 1. Details of public policy positions advocated by the Company: In te Infosys’ approach includes engaging ecosystems at the national, regional and local levels. To this end, Infosys focuses on developing and maintaining partnerships with g ra relevant government officials, business organizations, technology industry associations, educational institutions, and community organizations in all of the Company’s key te d markets – including, but not limited to, the US, Canada, Europe, Australia, and India – to build mutually beneficial partnerships. Read more at https://www.infosys.com/ A n investors/corporate-governance/Documents/CodeofConduct.pdf. n u a l R e p Web link, if Frequency of review by the S.No Public policy Method resorted for such advocacy Whether o rt advocated information Board available 2 0 2 (Annually/Half-yearly/quarterly/ is available in 4 -2 public domain others-please specify) 5 (Yes/No) 1 EU AI Act Meetings and submissions to the EU Commission, Council and Yes Need by basis NA Parliament 2 UK-India Working Group, meetings, conferences, opensource Responsible AI No Annual NA Responsible and Tool Kit Trustworthy AI 3 AISIC - US Working Groups, Meetings, AI Risk Management Framework No Periodic NA 4 UNESCO - Ethical AI Agreement, meetings, advocacy No Periodic NA Adoption (RAM) Meetings and expertise shared with Quality Council of India No Quarterly NA 5 Government of India “Conformity Assessment Framework to Build Digital Competencies” for IAS officers, with a focus on AI 6 NABCB - ISO 42001 Meetings and expertise shared with Quality Council of India and No Need by basis NA Accreditation NABCB capability 7 Responsible AI and Opensource tool provided Yes Periodic - need by basis https://eitbt. AI Governance karnataka.gov. in/startup/ public/129/ booster-kit/en 1 9 9 2 B 0 u S.No Public policy Method resorted for such advocacy Whether Frequency of review by the Web link, if 0 s in advocated information Board available e is available in (Annually/Half-yearly/quarterly/ s s public domain others-please specify) R e (Yes/No) s p o Meetings, concept notes, advisories No Periodic - need by basis NA 8 Help setting up of n s AI Governance CoE ib for Government of ilit Telangana in the y proposed AI City a n d 9 DPDP Act (India) Rules are yet to be enforced, once NA No (consultation • On the Indian DPDP Act, the Ministry of Electronics and S u they are enforced, the Board will events are in Information Technology (MeitY) has conducted several s t be regularly updated. public domain rounds of public consultations over the last two years a in but for some and held extensive discussions with various stakeholders, a of the events b including academicians, industry leaders, and the public. We, ilit participation at Infosys, have participated in many of these discussions and y was closed door) workshops conducted by the MeitY and industry bodies. This R e enabled us to gather valuable insights and provide inputs to p o the authorities, which will play a crucial role in drafting the r t final regulations. • Infosys hosted its first in-person Privacy Symposium at its Bengaluru campus, which was attended by a large number of industry experts, academicians, and civil society representatives. Senior officials from Government delivered the keynote address and moderated one of the panel discussions on the implementation of the DPDP Act. This event was a significant step towards collaboration between government and industry in working out the implementation aspects of the DPDP Act. In fo s y s In te g ra te d A n n u a l R e p o rt 2 0 2 4 -2 5 In fo PRINCIPLE 8: Businesses should promote inclusive growth and equitable development s y s In Essential indicators te g ra te d 1. Details of Social Impact Assessments (SIA) of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in the current financial year A n n u notification(1) Not applicable – we have no SIA a l R e p o rt Results communicated in Relevant Web link Name and brief details of SIA Notification No. Date of notification Whether conducted by 2 0 project independent external public domain (Yes / No) 2 4 -2 agency (Yes / No) 5 NA NA NA NA NA NA (1) This Act is applicable only to India 2. Provide information on project(s) for which ongoing Rehabilitation and Resettlement (R&R) is being undertaken by your entity, in the following format: applicable(1) Not S.No Name of project for which R&R is ongoing State District No. of Project Affected % of PAFs covered Amounts paid to PAFs in Families (PAFs) by R&R the FY (In INR) NA NA NA NA NA NA NA (1) This Act is applicable only to India 3. Describe the mechanisms to receive and redress grievances of the community. We track complaints, if any, from beneficiaries of our CSR projects. Complaints are received at feedback_if@infosys.com. All stakeholders have access to whistleblower mechanism. In fiscal 2025, no complaints and grievances were received. 4. Percentage of input material (inputs to total inputs by value) sourced from suppliers Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 Directly sourced from MSMEs / small producers 9.7 7.1 Directly from within India 25.6 25.3 2 0 1 2 B 0 u 5. Job creation in smaller towns – Disclose wages paid to persons employed (including employees or workers employed on a permanent or non-permanent/on contract 2 s in basis) in the following locations, as % of total wage cost e s s 2025*(1) Location Fiscal Fiscal 2024 R e s Rural – 1.3 p o n Semi-urban – 0.9 s ib Urban 6.2 15.9 ilit y Metropolitan 93.8 81.9 a n (Place categorized as per RBI Classification System – rural / semi-urban / urban / metropolitan) d S * Permanent employees as on March 31, 2025, at our India locations have been considered. u s (1) Based on SEBI’s Industry Standards on reporting of BRSR Core. t a in a b Leadership indicators ilit y 1. Provide details of actions taken to mitigate any negative social impacts identified in the Social Impact Assessments (Reference: Question 1 of Essential indicators above) R e p Not applicable o r t Details of negative social impact identified Corrective action taken 2. Provide the following information on CSR projects undertaken by your entity in designated aspirational districts as identified by government bodies `) `) S. No State Aspirational district * Amount spent (In S. No State Aspirational district * Amount spent (In 1 Andhra Pradesh Visakhapatnam 2,04,23,222 14 Bihar Begusarai 20,33,582 2 Andhra Pradesh Vizianagaram 42,86,641 15 Bihar Gaya 16,58,142 3 Andhra Pradesh YSR Kadapa 29,18,780 16 Bihar Jamui 47,59,177 4 Assam Baksa 56,13,967 17 Bihar Katihar 2,80,540 In fo 5 Assam Barpeta 35,40,904 18 Bihar Muzaffarpur 17,78,568 s y s In 6 Assam Darrang 4,34,323 19 Bihar Nawada 34,99,683 te g 7 Assam Dhubri 1,71,388 20 Bihar Purnia 3,31,987 ra te 8 Assam Goalpara 2,69,653 21 Bihar Sitamarhi 8,12,297 d A n 9 Assam Hailakandi 2,07,421 22 Chhattisgarh Kanker 38,79,125 n u a 10 Assam Udalguri 55,24,261 23 Chhattisgarh Korba 2,40,970 l R e p 11 Bihar Araria 10,76,176 24 Chhattisgarh Narayanpur 37,57,742 o rt 2 12 Bihar Aurangabad 4,03,160 25 Chhattisgarh Rajnandgaon 38,65,705 0 2 4 13 Bihar Banka 1,84,499 26 Gujarat Narmada 2,62,629 -2 5 In fo `) `) S. No State Aspirational district * Amount spent (In S. No State Aspirational district * Amount spent (In s y s In 27 Jammu & Kashmir Baramulla 5,47,098 55 Odisha Balangir 1,36,169 te g 28 Jharkhand Bokaro 5,59,370 56 Odisha Dhenkanal 2,51,057 ra te 29 Jharkhand Chatra 1,24,319 57 Odisha Kalahandi 72,73,326 d A n 30 Jharkhand Dumka 1,32,001 58 Odisha Kandhamal 2,21,899 n u a 31 Jharkhand East Singhbhum 3,46,910 59 Odisha Koraput 48,62,170 l R e p 32 Jharkhand Garhwa 1,05,740 60 Odisha Malkangiri 1,56,206 o rt 33 Jharkhand Giridh 4,78,469 61 Odisha Rayagada 51,72,504 2 0 2 4 34 Jharkhand Godda 2,31,485 62 Odisha Nuapara 1,24,480 -2 5 35 Jharkhand Gumla 1,25,869 63 Punjab Ferozepur 4,68,776 36 Jharkhand Hazaribag 24,21,482 64 Rajasthan Baran 46,36,727 37 Jharkhand Ranchi 36,83,875 65 Rajasthan Dholpur 32,62,845 38 Karnataka Raichur 2,45,13,445 66 Rajasthan Jaisalmer 36,94,128 39 Karnataka Yadgir 1,72,20,838 67 Rajasthan Karauli 58,04,543 40 Kerala Wayanad 1,15,72,543 68 Rajasthan Sirohi 46,21,485 41 Madhya Pradesh Bharwani 7,08,985 69 Sikkim West District 4,26,032 42 Madhya Pradesh Chhatarpur 37,17,359 70 Tamil Nadu Ramanathapuram 62,11,485 43 Madhya Pradesh Damoh 4,83,03,106 71 Tamil Nadu Virudhunagar 63,15,485 44 Madhya Pradesh Guna 11,66,925 72 Telangana Bhadradri Kothagudem 2,88,007 45 Madhya Pradesh Khandwa 7,46,356 73 Uttar Pradesh Bahraich 2,96,485 46 Madhya Pradesh Rajgarh 1,50,000 74 Uttar Pradesh Chandauli 2,19,385 47 Madhya Pradesh Singrauli 40,12,614 75 Uttar Pradesh Fatehpur 1,39,914 48 Madhya Pradesh Vidisha 98,98,601 76 Uttar Pradesh Sonbhadra 1,32,271 49 Maharashtra Gadchiroli 79,08,998 77 Uttarakhand Haridwar 32,28,773 50 Maharashtra Nandurbar 43,25,913 78 Uttarakhand Udham Singh Nagar 4,30,192 51 Maharashtra Osmanabad 90,80,337 79 Various districts - with spend less than one lakh 9,74,912 52 Maharashtra Washim 30,42,527 Total 28,73,16,059 53 Manipur Chandel 2,62,581 Note: * 112 out of the 112 aspirational districts were covered in fiscal 2025. 54 Meghalaya Ribhoi 3,64,516 2 0 3 2 B 0 u 3. a) Do you have a preferential procurement policy where you give preference to purchase from suppliers comprising marginalized / vulnerable groups? (Yes/No): Yes 4 s in From which marginalized / vulnerable groups do you procure?: We do not track this separately. e s s What percentage of total procurement (by value) does it constitute?: We do not track this separately. R e s p o 4. Details of the benefits derived and shared from the intellectual properties owned or acquired by your entity (in the current fiscal), based on traditional knowledge n s ib Not applicable ilit y S.No. Intellectual Property based on traditional knowledge Owned/ Acquired (Yes/No) Benefit shared (Yes / No) Basis of calculating benefit share a n d S u s t a 5. Details of corrective actions taken or underway, based on any adverse order in intellectual property related disputes wherein usage of traditional knowledge is involved in a Not applicable b ilit y Name of authority Brief of the Case Corrective action taken R e p o r t 6. Details of beneficiaries of CSR projects: S. CSR project No. of persons % of beneficiaries S. CSR project No. of persons % of beneficiaries No benefitted from from vulnerable and No benefitted from from vulnerable and CSR projects marginalised groups CSR projects marginalised groups 1 Sri Chamarajendra 33,59,393 62 10 Sight Connect (F) 1,52,000 45 Zoological Gardens-2 11 Girls Wellness Program 1,27,185 100 2 Infosys Springboard – 13,19,737 55 12 Gracious Giving – U&I – 1,20,876 – Digital Literacy Educate India 3 Sneham DC Trust – Govt. 7,29,270 59 13 The Antara Foundation 1,08,832 100 Thoothukudi Medical 14 Arpan DC Trust – 88,350 – College Hospital Paathshala Education 4 Arpan DC Trust – Govt 7,00,000 29 15 Mamata DC Trust – 72,500 43 Civil Hospital, Panchkula SAHE In – General Civil Hospital fo 16 Yuva Rural Association 65,258 66 s 5 AIIMS - DELHI 6,75,492 76 y s 17 Sistema Bagalkot 53,466 68 In 6 Art & Photography 4,94,036 42 te 18 Savayava Krishi Pariwara 51,897 62 Foundation g ra 19 E-vidyaloka Trust – FY24 51,849 51 te 7 Art & Photography 4,87,768 74 d 20 Girls Wellness Program – 48,349 100 Foundation-2 A n Karnataka n 8 Akanksha DC Trust 1,71,542 94 u 21 Sparsh DC Trust 48,223 56 a (Kolkata) – Ramakrishna l R (Nagpur) – Niramaya e Sarada Mission Matri p Woman Development o Bhavan rt Program 2 9 Mamata DC Trust 1,59,425 97 0 2 22 EFIT MH2 37,200 – 4 (Indore) – Vidya Bharti -2 Malwa Prant 5 In S. CSR project No. of persons % of beneficiaries S. CSR project No. of persons % of beneficiaries fo s No benefitted from from vulnerable and No benefitted from from vulnerable and y s CSR projects marginalised groups CSR projects marginalised groups In te 23 EFIT MH3 37,200 – 42 Samarpan DC Trust – 15,596 100 g ra Raksha Foundation 24 Udaipur Urja 2.0 37,000 50 te d 43 Pondicherry flood 15,000 61 25 SKG Sangha 36,779 55 A n relief efforts – Sri n 26 Agastya International 32,218 100 u Ramakrishna Sarada a Foundation-2 l R Trust e 27 Association for Diabetes 31,847 48 p o 44 Forum for Health 13,121 71 rt and Obesity Reversal Systems Design and 2 0 28 Udaipur Urja 3.0 30,000 50 2 Formation 4 -2 29 Ramakrishna Mission- 27,691 45 45 Sangath 13,120 98 5 STEM Labs 46 Odisha flood relief 12,980 74 30 SEARCH Gadchiroli, 27,560 100 efforts MCH Hospital 47 Yuva Unstoppable – 12,006 47 31 Centre for Cellular and 24,001 100 FY25 Molecular platforms 48 Unnati – FY25 11,928 35 32 Sneham DC Trust -Siru 23,411 69 49 Nirmaan – EduBridge 4 11,922 64 Thuli Employment (For scale 33 Bangalore Lit Fest 23,124 54 and reach) 34 Udaipur Urja 5.0 23,000 50 50 Ramakrishna Mission 11,372 38 35 Malligavad Foundation 20,650 53 Scholarships 36 Malligavad 20,650 53 11,268 75 51 Villapuram flood Foundation-2 relief efforts – Sri 37 Arpan DC Trust – Tree 20,000 50 Ramakrishna Sarada plantation Trust 19,665 52 38 Krishnagiri, 52 Gracious Giving – U&I – 11,220 – Tiruvannamalai Swasth India flood relief efforts 53 The Banyan 11,145 71 – Sri Ramakrishna 54 Akanksha DC Trust – 10,000 100 Sevashrama Pavagada Ramakrishna Mission 39 Samarpan DC Trust – 18,900 107 55 Yakshagana 24,888 61 Vani Vilas Hospital Development, Training 18,180 57 40 Vijayawada flood and Research Center relief efforts – Sri 56 Various beneficiaries 2,13,374 62 Ramakrishna less than 10,000 Sevashrama Pavagada Total 1,00,11,294 59 17,830 58 41 Belagavi flood relief efforts – Sri Note: Ramakrishna Women, children and people with differently-abled are the main vulnerable groups 1. Sevashrama Pavagada identified. Beneficiary count is arrived based on the progress reports and emails received from 2. beneficiaries. 2 0 5 2 B 0 u PRINCIPLE 9: Businesses should engage with and provide value to their consumers in a responsible manner 6 s in e Essential indicators s s R e s 1. Describe the mechanisms in place to receive and respond to consumer complaints and feedback. p o n We prioritize our clients’ satisfaction and have a comprehensive system in place to address their feedback and complaints. Our clientele, which spans diverse industry verticals, is s ib equipped with multiple channels to voice their concerns and provide feedback. ilit Every complaint is treated with the appropriate level of attention. Our dedicated teams meticulously analyze the issues raised, devise suitable solutions and implement them y effectively. We place great emphasis on transparency towards our clients throughout the process. Therefore, we keep them informed of progress and seek their approval for a corrective actions. n d In addition to addressing complaints, we proactively engage with our clients to understand their expectations, gather feedback and gain insight into their future outlook. This S valuable information is crucial to our strategic planning and continuous improvement initiatives. Doing so ensures that our services align with our clients’ evolving needs and u s expectations fostering a strong and enduring business relationship. t a in a b 2. Turnover of products / services as a percentage of turnover from all products / services that carry information about environmental and social parameters relevant to the ilit product, safe and responsible usage, recycling and / or safe disposal. y R As a percentage to total turnover e p o Environmental and social parameters relevant to the product r t Safe and responsible usage Not applicable as Infosys is a B2B company Recycling and / or safe disposal 3. Number of consumer complaints in respect of the following: Fiscal 2025 Remarks Fiscal 2024 Remarks Received during Pending Received during Pending the year resolution at end the year resolution at end of year of year Data privacy 0 0 0 0 Advertising(1) NA NA NA NA In fo s Cybersecurity 0 0 1 1 y s In te Delivery of essential services NA NA NA NA g ra te Restrictive trade practices 0 0 0 0 d A n Unfair trade practices 0 0 0 0 n u a l Other(2) 28 8 52 9 R e p o (1) We are a B2B company. The promotions we do is with regard to our services and thought leadership. The provision of services is governed by contracts between the parties. rt 2 (2) Complaints from customer projects that are raised through the complaints management system have been considered. 0 2 4 -2 5 In 4. Details of instances of product recalls on account of safety issues fo s y s Number Reasons for recall In te g Voluntary recalls NA NA ra te Forced recalls NA NA d A n n u a 5. Does the entity have a framework / policy on cybersecurity and risks related to data privacy? (Yes / No) If yes, provide web-link of the policy. l R e Yes. Infosys has a holistic and comprehensive cybersecurity framework – SEED - aligned to NIST’s CyberSecurity Framework (CSF) and supported by supplementary policies, p o rt processes, procedures, and standards to achieve and sustain enterprise-level information security objectives. Read more at https://www.infosys.com/about/esg/governance/ 2 information-management.html. 0 2 4 Infosys has a Data Privacy Policy published on the Company’s intranet, which demonstrates the Management’s commitment to data privacy across all Infosys operations, including -2 5 those involving service providers. To ensure complete transparency, we provide privacy notices at the data collection point for internal and external data subjects. The privacy statement for external data subjects is also readily available on the Infosys website at, Personal Information Privacy Statement | Infosys. 6. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway on issues relating to advertising, and delivery of essential services; cybersecurity and data privacy of customers, re-occurrence of instances of product recalls; penalty / action taken by regulatory authorities on safety of products / services. Infosys has reviewed its cybersecurity posture, technology, and threat landscape to build further fortification and strengthen its cyber defense capabilities. As an organization, we continue to review and strengthen our cybersecurity processes and controls across our entire network in line with industry best practices. 7. Provide the following information relating to data breaches: a. Number of instances of data breaches: 0 b. Percentage of data breaches involving personally identifiable information of customers: NA c. Impact, if any, of the data breaches: NA Leadership indicators 1. Channels / platforms where information on products and services of the Company can be accessed Refer to https://www.infosys.com/services.html. 2. Steps taken to inform and educate consumers, especially vulnerable and marginalised consumers, about safe and responsible usage of products and services. Not applicable 3. Mechanisms in place to inform consumers of any risk of disruption / discontinuation of essential services. Not applicable 4. Does the Company display product information on the product over and above what is mandated as per local laws? Not applicable Did your entity carry out any survey with regard to consumer satisfaction relating to the major products / services of the entity, significant locations of the entity or the entity as a whole? (Yes / No) Yes. We carry out surveys to gauge customer satisfaction for our major services. Customer-focused excellence demands constant sensitivity to changing and emerging customer requirements and close attention to the voice of the customer. We interact with our clients regularly across multiple platforms. In addition to various client interactions, we have adopted a formal and robust approach in the form of an annual Client Value Survey and quarterly engagement surveys. The surveys enable us to understand the client’s 2 expectations and needs comprehensively and serve as one of the inputs for us when making investment decisions. The survey framework includes a structured questionnaire, and 0 7 the feedback is collected through a web survey hosted by an independent organization. Statutory reports CEO and CFO certification The Board of Directors Infosys Limited, Bengaluru Dear members of the Board, We, Salil Parekh, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director, and Jayesh Sanghrajka, Chief Financial Officer of Infosys Limited, to the best of our knowledge and belief, certify that: 1. We have reviewed the Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2025, the Statement of Profit and Loss, the Statement of Changes in Equity and the Statement of Cash Flows for the year then ended, and a summary of the significant accounting policies and other explanatory information of the Company, and the Board’s report for the year ended March 31, 2025. 2. These statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 3. The financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, present in all material respects a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as at, and for, the periods presented in this report, and are in compliance with the existing accounting standards and / or applicable laws and regulations. 4. There are no transactions entered into by the Company during the year that are fraudulent, illegal or violate the Company’s Code of Conduct and Ethics, except as disclosed to the Company’s auditors and the Company’s Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. 5. We are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting for the Company, and we have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared. b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS). c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure, controls and procedures. d. Disclosed in this report, changes, if any, in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company’s most recent financial year that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. 6. We have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting, wherever applicable, to the Company’s auditors and the Audit Committee of the Company’s Board (and persons performing the equivalent functions): a. Any deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls, that could adversely affect the Company’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data, and have confirmed that there have been no material weaknesses in internal controls over financial reporting including any corrective actions with regard to deficiencies. b. Any significant changes in internal controls during the year covered by this report. c. All significant changes in accounting policies during the year, if any, and the same have been disclosed in the notes to the financial statements. d. Any instances of significant fraud of which we are aware, that involve the Management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company’s internal control system over financial reporting. 7. We affirm that we have not denied any personnel access to the Audit Committee of the Company (in respect of matters involving alleged misconduct) and we have provided protection to whistleblowers from unfair termination and other unfair or prejudicial employment practices. 8. We further declare that all Board members and senior management personnel have affirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct and Ethics for the year covered by this report. Sd/- Sd/- Bengaluru Salil Parekh Jayesh Sanghrajka Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director Chief Financial Officer April 17, 2025 DIN: 01876159 208 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Standalone Financial Statements under Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) for the year ended March 31, 2025 Index A Independent Auditor’s Report ............................................................................................................................................................................................210 B Balance Sheet .............................................................................................................................................................................................................................222 C Statement of Profit and Loss ................................................................................................................................................................................................224 D Statement of Changes in Equity .........................................................................................................................................................................................226 E Statement of Cash Flows ........................................................................................................................................................................................................231 F Overview and Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements ................................................................................................................................233 1. Overview ......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................233 1.1 Company overview ...........................................................................................................................................................................................................233 1.2 Basis of preparation of financial statements ..........................................................................................................................................................233 1.3 Use of estimates and judgments ................................................................................................................................................................................233 1.4 Critical accounting estimates and judgments .......................................................................................................................................................233 2. Notes to the Standalone financial statements ...............................................................................................................................................................234 2.1 Property, plant and equipment ..................................................................................................................................................................................234 2.2 Goodwill and other intangible assets .......................................................................................................................................................................237 2.3 Leases ...................................................................................................................................................................................................................................238 2.4 Capital work-in-progress ..............................................................................................................................................................................................240 2.5 Investments ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................241 2.6 Loans .....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................246 2.7 Other financial assets ......................................................................................................................................................................................................247 2.8 Trade receivables ..............................................................................................................................................................................................................247 2.9 Cash and cash equivalents ............................................................................................................................................................................................248 2.10 Other assets ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................248 2.11 Financial instruments .....................................................................................................................................................................................................248 2.12 Equity.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................257 2.13 Other financial liabilities ................................................................................................................................................................................................263 2.14 Trade payables ...................................................................................................................................................................................................................263 2.15 Other liabilities ..................................................................................................................................................................................................................264 2.16 Provisions .............................................................................................................................................................................................................................265 2.17 Income taxes .......................................................................................................................................................................................................................265 2.18 Revenue from operations ..............................................................................................................................................................................................268 2.19 Other income, net .............................................................................................................................................................................................................271 2.20 Expenses ..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................271 2.21 Employee benefits ...........................................................................................................................................................................................................272 2.22 Earnings per equity share .............................................................................................................................................................................................277 2.23 Contingent liabilities and commitments.................................................................................................................................................................278 2.24 Related party transactions ............................................................................................................................................................................................279 2.25 Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) ......................................................................................................................................................................289 2.26 Segment reporting ..........................................................................................................................................................................................................290 2.27 Ratios.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................290 2.28 Function-wise classification of Statement of Profit and Loss ..........................................................................................................................291 209 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Independent Auditor’s Report To The Members Of Infosys Limited Report on the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements Opinion We have audited the accompanying Standalone Financial Statements of INFOSYS LIMITED (the “Company”), which comprise the Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2025, the Statement of Profit and Loss (including Other Comprehensive Income), the Statement of Changes in Equity and the Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended on that date and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of material accounting policies and other explanatory information (hereinafter referred to as the “Standalone Financial Statements”). In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid standalone financial statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity with the indian accounting standards prescribed under section 133 of the act, (“Ind AS”) and other accounting principles generally accepted in india, of the state of affairs of the Company as at March 31, 2025 and its profit, total comprehensive income, changes in equity and its cash flows for the year ended on that date. Basis for opinion We conducted our audit of the standalone financial statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (“SAs”) specified under section 143(10) of the act. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the standalone financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (“ICAI”) together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the standalone financial statements under the provisions of the act and the rules made thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ICAI’s Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence obtained by us is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the standalone financial statements. Key audit matters Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the standalone financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the standalone financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. We have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report. 210 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Sr. No. Key Audit Matter 1 Revenue recognition The Company’s contracts with customers include contracts with multiple products and services. The Company derives revenues from IT services comprising software development and related services, maintenance, consulting and package implementation, licensing of software products and platforms across the Company’s core and digital offerings and business process management services. The Company assesses the services promised in a contract and identifies distinct performance obligations in the contract. Identification of distinct performance obligations to determine the deliverables and the ability of the customer to benefit independently from such deliverables involves significant judgement. In certain integrated services arrangements, contracts with customers include subcontractor services or third-party vendor equipment or software. In these types of arrangements, revenue from sales of third-party vendor products or services is recorded net of costs when the Company is acting as an agent between the customer and the vendor, and gross when the Company is the principal for the transaction. In doing so, the Company first evaluates whether it obtains control of the specified goods or service before it is transferred to the customer. The Company considers whether it is primarily responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the specified goods or service, inventory risk, pricing discretion and other factors to determine whether it controls the products or service and therefore, is acting as a principal or an agent. Fixed price maintenance revenue is recognized ratably either on (1) a straight-line basis when services are performed through an indefinite number of repetitive acts over a specified period or (2) using a percentage of completion method when the pattern of benefits from the services rendered to the customer and the Company’s costs to fulfil the contract is not even through the period of contract because the services are generally discrete in nature and not repetitive. The use of method to recognize the maintenance revenues requires judgment and is based on the promises in the contract and nature of the deliverables. As certain contracts with customers involve management’s judgment in (1) identifying distinct performance obligations, (2) determining whether the Company is acting as a principal or an agent and (3) whether fixed price maintenance revenue is recognized on a straight-line basis or using the percentage of completion method, revenue recognition from these judgments were identified as a key audit matter and required a higher extent of audit effort. Refer Notes 1.4 and 2.18 to the Standalone Financial Statements. Auditor’s Response Principal Audit Procedures Performed included the following: Our audit procedures related to the (1) identification of distinct performance obligations, (2) determination of whether the Company is acting as a principal or agent and (3) whether fixed price maintenance revenue is recognized on a straight-line basis or using the percentage of completion method included the following, among others: • We tested the effectiveness of controls relating to the (a) identification of distinct performance obligations, (b) determination of whether the Company is acting as a principal or an agent and (c) determination of whether fixed price maintenance revenue for certain contracts is recognized on a straight-line basis or using the percentage of completion method. • We selected a sample of contracts with customers and performed the following procedures: – Obtained and read contract documents for each selection, including master service agreements, and other documents that were part of the agreement. – Identified significant terms and deliverables in the contract to assess management’s conclusions regarding the (i) identification of distinct performance obligations (ii) whether the Company is acting as a principal or an agent and (iii) whether fixed price maintenance revenue is recognized on a straight-line basis or using the percentage of completion method. 211 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Sr. No. Key Audit Matter 2 Revenue recognition - Fixed price contracts using the percentage of completion method Fixed price maintenance revenue is recognized ratably either (1) on a straight-line basis when services are performed through an indefinite number of repetitive acts over a specified period or (2) using a percentage of completion method when the pattern of benefits from services rendered to the customer and the Company’s costs to fulfil the contract is not even through the period of contract because the services are generally discrete in nature and not repetitive. Revenue from other fixed-price, fixed-timeframe contracts, where the performance obligations are satisfied over time is recognized using the percentage- of-completion method. Use of the percentage-of-completion method requires the Company to determine the actual efforts or costs expended to date as a proportion of the estimated total efforts or costs to be incurred. Efforts or costs expended have been used to measure progress towards completion as there is a direct relationship between input and productivity. The estimation of total efforts or costs involves significant judgement and is assessed throughout the period of the contract to reflect any changes based on the latest available information. Provisions for estimated losses, if any, on uncompleted contracts are recorded in the period in which such losses become probable based on the estimated efforts or costs to complete the contract. We identified the estimate of total efforts or costs to complete fixed price contracts measured using the percentage of completion method as a key audit matter as the estimation of total efforts or costs involves significant judgement and is assessed throughout the period of the contract to reflect any changes based on the latest available information. This estimate has a high inherent uncertainty and requires consideration of progress of the contract, efforts or costs incurred to-date and estimates of efforts or costs required to complete the remaining contract performance obligations over the term of the contracts. This required a high degree of auditor judgment in evaluating the audit evidence and a higher extent of audit effort to evaluate the reasonableness of the total estimated amount of revenue recognized on fixed-price contracts. Refer Notes 1.4 and 2.18 to the Standalone Financial Statements. Auditor’s Response Principal Audit Procedures Performed included the following: Our audit procedures related to estimates of total expected costs or efforts to complete for fixed-price contracts included the following, among others: • We tested the effectiveness of controls relating to (1) recording of efforts or costs incurred and estimation of efforts or costs required to complete the remaining contract performance obligations and (2) access and application controls pertaining to time recording, allocation and budgeting systems which prevents unauthorised changes to recording of efforts incurred. • We selected a sample of fixed price contracts with customers measured the using percentage-of-completion method and performed the following: – Evaluated management’s ability to reasonably estimate the progress towards satisfying the performance obligation by comparing actual efforts or costs incurred to prior year estimates of efforts or costs budgeted for performance obligations that have been fulfilled. – Compared efforts or costs incurred with Company’s estimate of efforts or costs incurred to date to identify significant variations and evaluate whether those variations have been considered appropriately in estimating the remaining costs or efforts to complete the contract. – Tested the estimate for consistency with the status of delivery of milestones and customer acceptances and sign off from customers to identify possible delays in achieving milestones, which require changes in estimated costs or efforts to complete the remaining performance obligations. 212 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Information Other than the Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report Thereon The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the Management Discussion and Analysis, Board’s Report including Annexures to Board’s Report, Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report, Corporate Governance and Shareholder’s Information, but does not include the consolidated financial statements, Standalone Financial Statements and our auditor’s report thereon. Our opinion on the Standalone Financial Statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon. In connection with our audit of the Standalone Financial Statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the Standalone Financial Statements or our knowledge obtained during the course of our audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard. Responsibilities of Management and Board of Directors for the Standalone Financial Statements The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters stated in section 134(5) of the Act with respect to the preparation of these Standalone Financial Statements that give a true and fair view of the financial position, financial performance, including other comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows of the Company in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, including Ind AS specified under section 133 of the Act. This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the Standalone Financial Statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. In preparing the Standalone Financial Statements, management and Board of Directors are responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Board of Directors either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so. The Company’s Board of Directors are also responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process. Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Standalone Financial Statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these Standalone Financial Statements. As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also: • Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the Standalone Financial Statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. • Obtain an understanding of internal financial control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the Company has adequate internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements in place and the operating effectiveness of such controls. • Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the management. • Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the Standalone Financial Statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern. 213 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 • Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the Standalone Financial Statements, including the disclosures, and whether the Standalone Financial Statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation. Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the Standalone Financial Statements that, individually or in aggregate, makes it probable that the economic decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable user of the Standalone Financial Statements may be influenced. We consider quantitative materiality and qualitative factors in (i) planning the scope of our audit work and in evaluating the results of our work; and (ii) to evaluate the effect of any identified misstatements in the Standalone Financial Statements. We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal financial controls that we identify during our audit. We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards. From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the Standalone Financial Statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication. Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements 1. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our audit we report that: a) We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit. b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Company so far as it appears from our examination of those books. c) The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and Loss including Other Comprehensive Income, Statement of Changes in Equity and the Statement of Cash Flows dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the books of account. d) In our opinion, the aforesaid Standalone Financial Statements comply with the Ind AS specified under Section 133 of the Act. e) On the basis of the written representations received from the directors as on March 31, 2025 taken on record by the Board of Directors, none of the directors is disqualified as on March 31, 2025 from being appointed as a director in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act. f) With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements of the Company and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report in “Annexure A”. Our report expresses an unmodified opinion on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of the Company’s internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements. g) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with the requirements of section 197(16) of the Act, as amended, in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the remuneration paid by the Company to its directors during the year is in accordance with the provisions of section 197 of the Act. h) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended, in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us: i. The Company has disclosed the impact of pending litigations on its financial position in its Standalone Financial Statements. Refer Note 2.23 to the Standalone Financial Statements. ii. The Company has made provision as required under applicable law or accounting standards for material foreseeable losses. Refer Note 2.16 to the Standalone Financial Statements. The Company did not have any long-term derivative contracts. iii. There has been no delay in transferring amounts, required to be transferred, to the Investor Education and Protection Fund by the Company. 214 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 iv. (a) The Management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds (which are material either individually or in the aggregate) have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the Company to or in any other person or entity, including foreign entity (“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries; (b) The Management has represented, that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds (which are material either individually or in the aggregate) have been received by the Company from any person or entity, including foreign entity (“Funding Parties”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Company shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries; (c) Based on the audit procedures that have been considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances, nothing has come to our notice that has caused us to believe that the representations under sub-clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as provided under (a) and (b) above, contain any material misstatement. v. As stated in Note 2.12.3 to the Standalone Financial Statements (a) The final dividend proposed in the previous year, declared and paid by the Company during the year is in accordance with Section 123 of the Act, as applicable. (b) The interim dividend declared and paid by the Company during the year and until the date of this report is in compliance with Section 123 of the Act. (c) The Board of Directors of the Company have proposed final dividend for the year which is subject to the approval of the members at the ensuing Annual General Meeting. The amount of dividend proposed is in accordance with section 123 of the Act, as applicable. vi. Based on our examination, which included test checks, the Company has used accounting software systems for maintaining its books of account for the financial year ended March 31, 2025 which have the feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in the software systems. Further, during the course of our audit we did not come across any instance of the audit trail feature being tampered with and the audit trail has been preserved by the Company as per the statutory requirements for record retention. 2. As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 (the “Order”) issued by the Central Government in terms of Section 143(11) of the Act, we give in “Annexure B” a statement on the matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order. For DELOITTE HASKINS & SELLS LLP Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration No. 117366W/W-100018) Vikas Bagaria Partner Place: Bengaluru (Membership No.060408) Date: April 17, 2025 UDIN: 25060408BMOCIU7329 215 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Annexure “A” to the Independent Auditor’s Report (Referred to in paragraph 1(f) under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report to the Members of Infosys Limited of even date) Report on the Internal Financial Controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements under Clause (i) of sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) We have audited the internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements of INFOSYS LIMITED (the “Company”) as of March 31, 2025 in conjunction with our audit of the Standalone Financial Statements of the Company for the year ended on that date. Management’s and Board of Directors’ Responsibilities for Internal Financial Controls The Company’s Management and Board of Directors are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements based on the internal control over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (the “ICAI”). These responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Act. Auditor’s Responsibility Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) issued by the ICAI and the Standards on Auditing prescribed under Section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements was established and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material respects. Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements included obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained, is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the Company’s internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements. Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements A company's internal financial control with reference to Standalone Financial Statements is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal financial control with reference to Standalone Financial Statements includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorisations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial control with reference to Standalone Financial Statements may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 216 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Opinion In our opinion, to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the Company has, in all material respects, an adequate internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements and such internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements were operating effectively as at March 31, 2025, based on the criteria for internal financial control with reference to Standalone Financial Statements established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the ICAI. For DELOITTE HASKINS & SELLS LLP Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration No. 117366W/W-100018) Vikas Bagaria Partner Place: Bengaluru (Membership No.060408) Date: April 17, 2025 UDIN: 25060408BMOCIU7329 217 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Annexure ‘B’ to the Independent Auditor’s Report (Referred to in paragraph 2 under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report to the Members of Infosys Limited of even date) To the best of our information and according to the explanations provided to us by the Company and the books of account and records examined by us in the normal course of audit, we state that: i. In respect of the Company’s property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets: (a) (A) The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars, including quantitative details and situation of property, plant and equipment and relevant details of right-of-use assets. (B) The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars of intangible assets. (b) The Company has a program of physical verification of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets so to cover all the assets once every three years which, in our opinion, is reasonable having regard to the size of the Company and the nature of its assets. Pursuant to the program, certain property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets were due for verification during the year and were physically verified by the Management during the year. According to the information and explanations given to us, no material discrepancies were noticed on such verification. (c) Based on our examination of the property tax receipts and lease agreement for land on which building is constructed, registered sale deed / transfer deed / conveyance deed provided to us, we report that, the title in respect of self- constructed buildings and title deeds of all other immovable properties (other than properties where the company is the lessee and the lease agreements are duly executed in favour of the lessee), disclosed in the financial statements included under Property, Plant and Equipment are held in the name of the Company as at the balance sheet date. (d) The Company has not revalued any of its property, plant and equipment (including right-of-use assets) and intangible assets during the year. (e) No proceedings have been initiated during the year or are pending against the Company as at March 31, 2025 for holding any benami property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (as amended in 2016) and rules made thereunder. ii. (a) The Company does not have any inventory and hence reporting under clause 3(ii)(a) of the Order is not applicable. (b) The Company has not been sanctioned working capital limits in excess of ₹5 crore, in aggregate, at any points of time during the year, from banks or financial institutions on the basis of security of current assets and hence reporting under clause 3(ii)(b) of the Order is not applicable. iii. The Company has made investments in, Companies and granted unsecured loans to other parties, during the year, in respect of which: (a) The Company has provided loans or advances in the nature of loans during the year, details of which are given below: (Amount in ₹ Crore) Advances in Particulars Loans nature of loans A. Aggregate amount granted /provided during the year: Subsidiary 10 – B. Balance outstanding as at balance sheet date in respect of above cases: Subsidiary 10 – The Company has not provided any guarantee or security to any other entity during the year. (b) In our opinion, the investments made and the terms and conditions of the grant of loans, during the year are, prima facie, not prejudicial to the Company’s interest. (c) In respect of loans granted by the Company, the schedule of repayment of principal and payment of interest has been stipulated and the repayments of principal amounts and receipts of interest are generally regular as per stipulation. (d) In respect of loans granted by the Company, there is no overdue amount remaining outstanding as at the balance sheet date. (e) No loan granted by the Company which has fallen due during the year, has been renewed or extended or fresh loans granted to settle the overdue of existing loans given to the same parties. (f) The Company has not granted any loans or advances in the nature of loans either repayable on demand or without specifying any terms or period of repayment during the year. Hence, reporting under clause 3(iii)(f) is not applicable. 218 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 The Company has not made investments in Firms and Limited Liability Partnerships during the year. Further the Company has not provided any guarantee or security or granted any advances in the nature of loans, secured or unsecured, to Companies, Firms, Limited Liability Partnerships or any other parties. iv. The Company has complied with the provisions of Sections 185 and 186 of the Companies Act, 2013 in respect of loans granted, investments made and guarantees and securities provided, as applicable. v. The Company has not accepted any deposit or amounts which are deemed to be deposits. Hence, reporting under clause 3(v) of the Order is not applicable. vi. The maintenance of cost records has not been specified by the Central Government under sub-section (1) of section 148 of the Companies Act, 2013 for the business activities carried out by the Company. Hence, reporting under clause (vi) of the Order is not applicable to the Company. vii. In respect of statutory dues: (a) In our opinion, the Company has generally been regular in depositing undisputed statutory dues, including Goods and Services tax, Provident Fund, Employees’ State Insurance, Income Tax, Sales Tax, Service Tax, duty of Custom, duty of Excise, Value Added Tax, Cess and other material statutory dues applicable to it with the appropriate authorities. There were no undisputed amounts payable in respect of Goods and Service tax, Provident Fund, Employees’ State Insurance, Income Tax, Sales Tax, Service Tax, duty of Custom, duty of Excise, Value Added Tax, Cess and other material statutory dues in arrears as at March 31, 2025 for a period of more than six months from the date they became payable. vii. In respect of statutory dues: (a) In our opinion, the Company has generally been regular in depositing undisputed statutory dues, including Goods and Services tax, Provident Fund, Employees’ State Insurance, Income Tax, Sales Tax, Service Tax, duty of Custom, duty of Excise, Value Added Tax, Cess and other material statutory dues applicable to it with the appropriate authorities. There were no undisputed amounts payable in respect of Goods and Service tax, Provident Fund, Employees’ State Insurance, Income Tax, Sales Tax, Service Tax, duty of Custom, duty of Excise, Value Added Tax, Cess and other material statutory dues in arrears as at March 31, 2024 for a period of more than six months from the date they became payable. (b) Details of statutory dues referred to in sub-clause (a) above which have not been deposited as on March 31, 2024 on account of disputes are given below: Nature of the statute Nature of dues Forum where Dispute is Pending Period to which the Amount Amount Relates ₹ crore AY(1) -(4) 2016-17 The Income Tax Act, 1961 Income Tax Income Tax Appellate Tribunal AY(1) Income Tax Commissioner (Appeals) 2010-11, AY(1) 2011-12, AY(1) 2014-15, AY(1) 2020-21, AY(1) 2022-23 to AY(1) 1,798(5) 2024-25 AY(1) Income Tax Assessing Officer 2020-21 and AY(1) 2021-22 2,677 FY(1) Customs Act, 1962 Duty of Custom Specified Officer of Special Economic 2008-09 to FY(1) Zone 2011-12 5 Court(3) FY(1) Central Excise Act, 1944 Duty of Excise Supreme 2005-06 to FY(1) 2015-16 68 FY(1) Customs Excise and Service Tax 2015-16 -(4) Appellate Tribunal FY(1) FY(1) Goods and Service Tax Act, Goods and Services Joint Commissioner (Appeals) 2017-18 to 2017 Tax. 2019-20, FY(1) Sales Tax Act and VAT Laws 2021-22 92 FY(1) FY(1) High Court of Karnataka 2017-18 and 2020-21 3 FY(1) Assessing Officer 2017-18 to FY(1) 2021-22 55 219 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Nature of the statute Nature of dues Forum where Dispute is Pending Period to which the Amount Amount Relates ₹ crore (Appeals)(3) FY(1) Sales Tax Joint Commissioner 2006-07 to FY(1) 2010-11 and FY(1) 2014-15 2 FY(1) -(4) Sales Tax High Court of Andhra Pradesh 2007-08 FY(1) Finance Act, 1994 Service Tax Customs Excise and Service Tax 2004-05 to Tribunal(2) FY(1) Appellate 2010-11, FY(1) 2012-13 to FY(1) 2017-18 299 FY(1) -(4) Central Sales Tax Act, 1956 Central Sales Tax Joint Commissioner (Appeals) 2016-17 FY(1) The Karnataka [Gram 2017-18 to Panchayat Property High Court of Karnataka at Bengaluru FY(1) Swaraj and Panchayat Raj] 2020-21 Tax Act, 1993 33 FY(1) 2021-22 to Greater Hyderabad Trade Licence Fee Ministry for Information Technology FY(1) 2022-23 Municipal Corporation Act, & Municipal Administration & Urban 3 1955 Development FY(1) 2014-15 to UK Finance Act 1998 Corporation Tax His Majesty's Revenue and Customs Kingdom(3) FY(1) 2016-17 220 (HMRC) Tax Officer, United CY(1) 2019 to Sales and use tax Act Sales and use tax Board of Finance & Revenue, CY(1) 2022 10 Act Pennsylvania FY(1) 2019-20 Employer Health Tax Act, Employer Health Tax Employer Health Tax Act 2 Canada Footnotes: (1) AY=Assessment Year; CY=Calendar Year; FY= Financial Year. (2) Stay order has been granted against ₹60 crore disputed which has not been deposited. (3) Stay order has been granted. (4) Less than ₹1 crore. (5) Stay order has been granted for FY 2021-22 against ₹1,305 crore. viii. There were no transactions relating to previously unrecorded income that have been surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (43 of 1961). ix. (a) The Company has not taken any loans or other borrowings from any lender. Hence reporting under clause 3(ix)(a) of the Order is not applicable. (b) The Company has not been declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or government or any government authority. (c) The Company has not taken any term loan during the year and there are no outstanding term loans at the beginning of the year and hence, reporting under clause 3(ix)(c) of the Order is not applicable. (d) On an overall examination of the financial statements of the Company, funds raised on short-term basis have, prima facie, not been used during the year for long-term purposes by the Company. (e) On an overall examination of the financial statements of the Company, the Company has not taken any funds from any entity or person on account of or to meet the obligations of its subsidiaries. (f) The Company has not raised any loans during the year and hence reporting on clause 3(ix)(f) of the Order is not applicable. x. (a) The Company has not raised moneys by way of initial public offer or further public offer (including debt instruments) during the year and hence reporting under clause 3(x)(a) of the Order is not applicable. (b) During the year, the Company has not made any preferential allotment or private placement of shares or convertible debentures (fully or partly or optionally) and hence reporting under clause 3(x)(b) of the Order is not applicable. xi. (a) No fraud by the Company and no material fraud on the Company has been noticed or reported during the year. (b) No report under sub-section (12) of section 143 of the Companies Act has been filed in Form ADT-4 as prescribed under rule 13 of Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 with the Central Government, during the year and upto the date of this report. 220 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 (c) We have taken into consideration the whistle blower complaints received by the Company during the year (and upto the date of this report), while determining the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures. xii. The Company is not a Nidhi Company and hence reporting under clause (xii) of the Order is not applicable. xiii. In our opinion, the Company is in compliance with Section 177 and 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 with respect to applicable transactions with the related parties and the details of related party transactions have been disclosed in the Standalone Financial Statements as required by the applicable accounting standards. xiv. (a) In our opinion, the Company has an adequate internal audit system commensurate with the size and the nature of its business. (b) We have considered, the internal audit reports for the year under audit, issued to the Company during the year and till date, in determining the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures. xv. In our opinion, during the year the Company has not entered into any non-cash transactions with its Directors or persons connected with its directors and hence provisions of section 192 of the Companies Act, 2013 are not applicable to the Company. xvi. (a) In our opinion, the Company is not required to be registered under section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. Hence, reporting under clause 3(xvi)(a), (b) and (c) of the Order is not applicable. (b) In our opinion, there is no core investment company within the Group (as defined in the Core Investment Companies (Reserve Bank) Directions, 2016) and accordingly reporting under clause 3(xvi)(d) of the Order is not applicable. xvii. The Company has not incurred cash losses during the financial year covered by our audit and the immediately preceding financial year. xviii. There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors of the Company during the year. xix. On the basis of the financial ratios, ageing and expected dates of realisation of financial assets and payment of financial liabilities, other information accompanying the financial statements and our knowledge of the Board of Directors and Management plans and based on our examination of the evidence supporting the assumptions, nothing has come to our attention, which causes us to believe that any material uncertainty exists as on the date of the audit report indicating that Company is not capable of meeting its liabilities existing at the date of balance sheet as and when they fall due within a period of one year from the balance sheet date. We, however, state that this is not an assurance as to the future viability of the Company. We further state that our reporting is based on the facts up to the date of the audit report and we neither give any guarantee nor any assurance that all liabilities falling due within a period of one year from the balance sheet date, will get discharged by the Company as and when they fall due. xx. (a) There are no unspent amounts towards Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”) on other than ongoing projects requiring a transfer to a Fund specified in Schedule VII to the Companies Act, 2013 in compliance with second proviso to sub-section (5) of Section 135 of the said Act. Accordingly, reporting under clause 3(xx)(a) of the Order is not applicable for the year. (b) In respect of ongoing projects, the Company has transferred unspent CSR amount as at the end of the previous financial year, to a Special account within a period of 30 days from the end of the said financial year in compliance with the provision of section 135(6) of the Companies Act, 2013. In respect of ongoing projects, the Company has not transferred the unspent CSR amount as at the Balance Sheet date out of the amounts that was required to be spent during the year, to a Special Account in compliance with the provision of sub- section (6) of section 135 of the said Act till the date of our report since the time period for such transfer, i.e., 30 days from the end of the financial year has not elapsed till the date of our report. For DELOITTE HASKINS & SELLS LLP Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration No. 117366W/W-100018) Vikas Bagaria Partner Place: Bengaluru (Membership No.060408) Date: April 17, 2025 UDIN: 25060408BMOCIU7329 221 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25