Section: Introduction
==================================================

TO ALL STOCK EXCHANGES BSE LIMITED NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE June 02, 2025 Dear Sir/ Madam, Sub: Integrated Annual Report for the Financial Year 2024-25 In compliance with the Companies Act 2013, (‘Act’) rules framed thereunder and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, (‘Listing Regulations’) as amended from time to time, Please find enclosed the Integrated Annual Report, Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (‘BRSR’) and Notice of Annual General Meeting for the Financial Year 2024-25, which is being sent to the Shareholders through electronic mode whose e-mail addresses are registered with the Company/Depository Participant(s) (‘DPs’). Further, in accordance with Regulation 36(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations, the Company will be sending a letter to Shareholders whose e-mail addresses are not registered with Company/DPs providing the weblink from where the Integrated Annual Report can be accessed on the Company’s website. The following reports will be made available on the Company’s website: Name of the report Website link 44th AGM Notice and Integrated Annual https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/annual- Report 2024-25 (including Business report/annual/documents/infosys-ar-25.pdf Responsibility and Sustainability Report). Infosys Foundation’s Annual Report 2024-25 https://www.infosys.org/infosys- foundation/about/reports/documents/infosys-foundation-report- 2024-25.pdf Information at glance: Particulars Details Time and date of AGM 4:00 p.m. IST, Wednesday, June 25, 2025 Mode Video conference and other audio-visual means Participation through video-conferencing https://agm.onwingspan.com/InfosysAGM Helpline number for VC participation +91-80-4156 5555 / +91-80-4156 5777 Webcast and transcripts https://www.infosys.com/Investors/ Final dividend record date Friday, May 30, 2025 Final dividend payment date Monday, June 30, 2025 https://www.infosys.com/investors/shareholder-services/dividend- Information of tax on Final dividend tax.html Cut-off date for e-voting Wednesday, June 18, 2025 E-voting start time and date 9:00 a.m. IST, Friday, June 20, 2025 E-voting end time and date 5:00 p.m. IST, Tuesday, June 24, 2025 E-voting website of NSDL https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ This is for your information and records. For Infosys Limited A.G.S. Manikantha Company Secretary Membership No: A21918 A I Y O U R E N T E R P R I S E Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Building enterprises in the age of AI Over the past two years, we’ve seen rapid growth in AI systems are used fairly and responsibly so that they can awareness, usage, and investment. The hunger to learn fast truly serve the enterprise at scale. and experiment faster has been insatiable. With growing Applying AI at a scale that can power the entire ease of use and increasing access to AI assistants, co-pilots enterprise involves building AI capabilities mindfully. This and tools, AI use-cases and pilots have mushroomed and entails nurturing a robust data strategy, investing in AI burgeoned across the enterprise, with some value realized. infrastructure optimization, while also systemically building The unbridled enthusiasm around AI has meant that CXOs capacity to deepen algorithmic efficiencies and improve are no longer having to advocate for the value of AI within model performance. In many ways, this is about reframing the enterprise. Instead, they can invest now in scaling, the status quo for an AI-first future – with sustained value driving adoption and governing. in mind. Leaders embrace a hybrid approach to power their The distinct opportunity is to build with AI to amplify the AI flywheels. They need flexibility of infrastructure – both potential of employees, and modernize systems and how rental and owned models – to bring them the control that they empower people working within the organization, they need over the environment, along with the potential to increase efficiency, productivity, and innovation. This in to drive efficiencies in the long run, in addition to security turn can transform the value these businesses can bring and compliance efficiencies as well. to their customers. By strategically implementing AI and We are building templates for AI success – industry after ensuring it complements human capabilities, businesses industry, business after business – for enterprise-scale can significantly improve customer proposition and value generation for our clients. We are helping them service, leading to increased satisfaction, loyalty, and AI their enterprise in ways that are changing the game ultimately, better business outcomes. for them today and giving them a head start into the This endeavor can be multi-tiered and complex. AI future. Some interesting examples, as case studies, make experiments are often heterogeneous, requiring diverse for interesting and quick reading later in this Integrated data and tech stacks that necessitate building entire new Annual Report. In many ways, it’s exactly what you’d expect architectural foundations before value can be realized. from a partner whose promise to enterprises is – navigate There is also the need to focus on making sure that AI your next. Scan here to access the digital version of the Infosys Integrated Annual Report. The cover and theme pages images have been created using gen AI tools. Infosys Infosys Integrated Integrated Annual Annual Report Report 2024-25 2024-25 3 3 errors, and optimizing costs. The integration of agentic Americana Restaurants is the largest out-of-home AI that followed has made their invoice processing dining and quick-service restaurant operator in their 12 largely autonomous. AI agents process invoices end- countries of operation across the Middle East and North to-end and offer support for multiple languages while Africa. With strong franchisor partnerships and a diverse managing complex validations and diverse expense portfolio of iconic global brands, including KFC, Pizza types and processing exceptions with minimal human Hut, Hardee’s, Krispy Kreme, Peet’s Coffee, Wimpy, TGI intervention. When required, users enjoy a highly Friday’s, Costa Coffee, and Baskin Robbins, the company intuitive user interface that only requires them to access delivers world-class dining experiences. Their growth, a very simple training that serves them well across in recent years, has been so rapid that it was starting devices, from desktops to mobiles. to strain their technology infrastructure, exposing limitations in their ability to scale to demand. They Infosys’ agentic AI-powered cloud-based Accounts sought out Infosys’ expertise to help them establish Payable solution is among the first of its kind anywhere a state-of-the-art BPM framework that would bring in the world that empowers Americana Restaurants to: transparency and efficiency into their process ecosystem • Not only process invoices with minimal human while prioritizing their vital enterprise Accounts Payable intervention but predict and plan for future processes for AI-powered transformation. transactions Infosys started at the foundation, completely • Adapt the accounts payable environment reimagining Americana Restaurants’ document-centric dynamically to process deviations, reduce errors, workflows for an enterprise set to turn AI-first. The and increase accuracy deployment of Infosys Accounts Payable Solution on the cloud and its application enterprise-wide ensured • Leverage Microsoft Azure GPT-4 Omni for that Americana Restaurants significantly improved continuous learning and operational improvements efficiency, reducing processing times, minimizing “Our partnership with Infosys has helped us embrace enterprise AI and transform the way we manage finance operations. With AI, our invoice processing is faster, more accurate, and far more future-proofed. This leap forward has also meant bringing more intelligence into our Accounts Payable, and we are looking to apply that learning into other areas of our organization.” – Harsh Bansal, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Growth Officer, Americana Restaurants Americana Restaurants: Reimagining Accounts Payable with agentic AI 4 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 5 and loyalty in addition to enabling targeted marketing Sunrise: Amplifying intelligence in Sunrise is Switzerland’s leading challenger, with a strong and improving customer support efficiency. number two position in the Swiss telecommunications market and is listed on SIX Swiss Exchange (SUNN). customer engagement, operations Sunrise is also investing in robotic process automation Based on its best-in-class, future-fit networks, Sunrise for back-office operations and plans to implement the provides high-quality mobile, landline, broadband and Infosys AIOps platforms to automate incident detection, & employee experience TV services to residential customers, and empowers root cause analysis, and resolution, thereby enhancing business customers with 360° communications and operational efficiency and service reliability. By adopting integrated ICT solutions for connectivity, security and the full Microsoft M365 suite, Sunrise is nurturing a IoT advancing their digitalization. fully modern, AI-driven, cloud-based collaborative workplace, in collaboration with Infosys. The company’s IT strategy is built around customer- centric innovation, operational excellence, infrastructure To share experiences and accelerate responsible modernization and digital transformation. One of the AI innovation at scale, Sunrise has created an AI key technologies supporting the digital transformation Community of Practice across the enterprise, governed is AI, with one of its building blocks being a unified by the CIO unit together with the contribution of all data platform which aggregates data from various business units and enablement functions. This helps the sources (customer interactions, network performance, entire organization remain aligned on new uses cases, billing, etc.) and has already been implemented by on the learnings, and the underlying technologies, Sunrise. Additional building blocks that are being security and ethical guidelines while also working worked on are AI/ML models to generate actionable effectively. Sunrise CIO department partnered with insights for personalized customer experiences, Infosys, building on this foundation to further drive predictive maintenance, and fraud detection as well as AI initiatives. comprehensive self-service options tailored to digitally savvy customers. The goal is to drive customer retention “Sunrise is committed to continuing to focus on delivering exceptional quality services at the right cost. It is this commitment that has made us the carrier of choice for many in Switzerland. The new offers around digital services will mean that our customers will have even more options and services at their fingertips. We appreciate Infosys’ partnership on this journey.” – Anna Maria Blengino, Chief Information Officer, Sunrise GmbH 6 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 7 and unified view of its entire IT landscape. This has Posti is a versatile, modern, and international logistics dramatically reduced critical process downtime for company with nearly 400 years of experience. Today, the company by over 90%, and helped it shift from the company connects people and companies with reactive to predictive incident management. postal services, parcels, e-commerce, and freight services, in addition to warehouse and logistics across • Proactive IT operations management: Posti the Nordic and Baltic countries. Posti was early to leverages GitHub Copilot to accelerate legacy code embrace the power of enterprise AI to accelerate the comprehension and improve its application lifecycle transformation of its IT landscape and amplify its ability management. Furthermore, the deployment of to deliver exceptional services, optimize operations, and Nanoheal, a self-help/self-heal tool, along with a strengthen its position as a leading delivery and logistics generative AI-powered chatbot, drives proactive provider. resolution of IT incidents across the company. These innovations have also resulted in reduced support In partnership with Infosys, Posti was quick to create an call volumes for the organization along with dips of AI-powered efficient and customer centric organization almost 40% in Mean Time to Resolution. with: • Accelerated application development: GitHub • Enhanced operational efficiency and observability: Copilot has significantly increased the pace of Posti’s By implementing Infosys’ Live Enterprise Application software development lifecycle. The capability Management Platform with embedded generative has boosted the company’s application lifecycle AI capabilities, Posti has fully transformed its productivity by approximately 35%, accelerating business process monitoring. The Platform both application development and deployment. addresses visibility gaps, enabling automated This enables Posti to bring new and enhanced monitoring and AI-based incident triaging. By services to market faster, strengthening its correlating insights from the Infosys platform with competitive edge in a fast-changing marketplace. its other platforms, Posti has a comprehensive “As we navigate the next phase of our evolution with enterprise AI, with Infosys, Posti will not only become a leader in the logistics and e-commerce sector, but a true digital frontrunner in the Nordics.” – Petteri Naulapää, CIO and SVP, ICT and Digitalisation, Posti Group Posti: Where the future of logistics is AI-first 8 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 9 and to optimize operations by leveraging gen AI Hatch is a global engineering, project delivery, and responsibly at enterprise scale. They invited Infosys to professional services firm. Whatever clients envision, partner with them on this journey. their teams design and build. With over six decades of business and technical experience in the mining, As an example of progress made early on as they energy, and infrastructure sectors, they understand navigated the enterprise AI landscape, Hatch leveraged clients’ business challenges. They respond quickly AI-powered virtual assistants and agentic AI to amplify with solutions that are smarter, more efficient, and their engineers, boost their productivity and enable innovative. They draw upon their 10,000-strong staff, them to resolve queries faster. These AI-based solutions with experience in over 150 countries, to challenge the integrate seamlessly with Hatch’s existing systems, status quo and create positive change. ensuring efficient project delivery. As a digitally mature organization, Hatch is continuously On a related front, Hatch’s leading AI work for investing into and innovating with integrating AI, data brownfield assets is allowing them to digitize their analytics, and automation for engineering and project existing infrastructure using photogrammetry management processes. With a strong foundation laid and lasergrammetry technologies to produce the for robust systems and processes along with reliable corresponding intelligent 3D models and digital twins. data, Hatch started to accelerate their decision-making “Our strategic vision for enterprise AI leverages the benefits of the technology but ensures that all decisions regarding our engineering work are made by capable human staff. Enterprise AI is a robust enabler that we use to provide additional benefits and cost efficiencies for our clients. We are leveraging Infosys’ services and pioneering research in AI to help us achieve these goals.” – Maurice Tayeh, Global Chief Information Officer, Hatch Hatch: Smartly reengineering our world for good 10 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 11 Citizens: Transforming from the core for the age of payment rails for operations. This tool brings in the Citizens Financial Group, headquartered in Providence, intelligence everywhere required application operational automation and drives Rhode Island, is one of the nation’s oldest and largest efficiency in managing applications across the Citizens’ financial institutions in America. Citizens offers a broad landscape. With this collaboration, Infosys will help range of retail and commercial banking products and bring efficiencies at scale and reduce time to market services, including tailored advice, ideas and solutions, for Citizens. These are but examples of how Citizens is to individuals, small businesses, middle-market seeking to leverage AI and automation, to move to a companies, large corporations and institutions. Pacing more agile operating model. The approach also factors their digitalization, keeping security and customer in appropriate guardrails for security and governance. privacy top of mind, Citizens is executing on a data-first, The bank has also successfully undertaken massive cloud-first platforms strategy and has a foundational upskilling of their staff to prepare for success in the time advantage for their next – AI-first transformation. of AI. Citizens, in collaboration with Infosys, has already By AI-enabling their core landscape, Citizens is also achieved significant milestones including establishing fostering an ecosystem of valuable fintech and their robust data lake, MDM aka Citizens Customer hyperscaler collaborations for the bank. Even as they Master (CCM) and developing key enterprise APIs. enhance operational resilience and stability, Citizens Citizens has also started harnessing Microsoft Copilot, is looking to deliver highly differentiating, hyper- for their engineers to develop code. In partnership with personalized AI-powered customer experiences. Infosys, Citizens evaluated the tool LEAP to provide real-time end-to-end business observability on the “Infosys has been a key strategic collaborator in Citizens’ next-gen transformation program including our journey to becoming AI-powered. Together, we have not only modernized our technology landscape with a robust data fabric and cloud native platforms but also built a solid foundation for future growth aligned with Citizens’ north star technology vision without losing focus on resiliency and stability.” – Michael Ruttledge, CIO, Citizens Bank 12 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 13 Contents Delivering value 44 Financial Capital 16 About this report 46 Human Capital 48 Intellectual Capital Corporate overview 50 Natural Capital 18 About Infosys 52 Manufactured Capital 19 Global presence 54 Social and Relationship Capital 20 The Infosys Board of Directors Statutory reports 26 The Infosys leadership team 58 Board’s report