Section: Management Discussion
==================================================

India’s merchandise exports declined by 3% while total exports, including services, was at the same level as the previous year. Geo political issues (Within the limits set by Company’s competitive position) and weakened consumer demand impacted exports. But trade deficit was lower by more than 9% as imports too contracted. Exports of electronics In the year gone by, Global economy delivered better than expected were a bright spot. growth despite geopolitical issues casting a shadow on the world. World economy moved towards a soft landing with growth holding up and Non-food Inflation fell by 2.5% during the year (April,2023 to inflation declining. MRF continued its industry leading growth in the January,2024) while food inflation rose by 0.40% in the same period. domestic market. India has managed to deliver on both growth and inflation management. Economic growth was steady during the year despite monetary tightening, The Government struck to the path of fiscal consolidation in the vote on warnings of recession and impact of climate related events. Global trade account that was presented. Continuing with the thrust on capex, capital was muted with increased geo economic fragmentation, trade restrictions expenditure outlay was hiked by 11%. and lower consumption arising from tight financial conditions. Emerging economies performed better than the developed world. There was Indian Government securities is set to be included in the emerging markets steady reduction in inflation in both developed and emerging economies bond index by Morgan Stanley and other financial institutions, reflecting prompting Central Banks to pause interest rate hikes, though inflation is still confidence in the India growth story and the financial system. This move above the target in most economies. Geo political issues continued causing paves the way for dollar inflows into the country’s sovereign debt market disturbance to the world with the continuing Ukraine war, tensions in West and reduction of borrowing costs in the economy. Asia and disturbances to commercial shipping in the Red Sea. India Meteorological Department (IMD) has projected an above normal International Monetary Fund (IMF) estimates show that World Economy monsoon for the year which should improve rural growth and consumption. grew by 3.2% in calendar year 2023 bettering its own earlier estimates. Growth in financial year 2023-2024 came from Government spending IMF estimates that growth in 2024 would be similar to 2023. Inflation and high end consumption with only a marginal growth in agriculture. is expected to decline steadily.Geopolitical disturbances could impact A good monsoon should add to the growth of the economy in financial inflation trajectory and delay central Bank policy easing, with adverse year 2024-25. Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”) has projected financial year effects on global growth. Rate cuts by Central Banks is now expected to 2024-25 GDP growth at 7% while IMF has projected the same at 6.8%. be in the 2nd half of 2024. Global car sales grew by 10% in calendar year 2023 after a flat growth Market & Industry Overview in 2022. Electric car sales grew more than a third. Adoption of Electric Vehicles (EV) continued across markets. High vehicle costs and high Growth surprised on the upside for Indian economy over the quarters, interest rates were a pain point for the Industry. driven by investment. Despite a difficult external sector and weakness in agriculture arising from a patchy monsoon, Indian economy performed Indian automobile industry performed well in financial year 2024 with well riding on the strength of its domestic demand. Government of India’s domestic sales showing a growth of 12.5% (source: Society of Indian advance estimates of Gross Domestic Product (GDP) for 2023-24 shows a Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM)). Passenger vehicle segment and two growth at 7.6%. India continued to remain the fastest growing economy. wheeler segment led the growth while commercial vehicles managed Growth was led by manufacturing and construction. to grow only marginally. Tractors were a weak spot as irregular rains impacted demand. In the passenger segment, share of entry level vehicles Private consumption was weak as in the previous year, owing to lower continued to shrink. Demand revival was seen for entry level two wheelers rural demand while urban demand was robust. There are early signs that during festive season and also in the last quarter of financial year 2023-24. private investment is picking up, responding to growth in the economy. 40 However, exports were weak with many markets facing geo political and and exports continues to be sluggish. The year also saw the entry of one of monetary issues. There was sizeable drop in sales in commercial vehicles, the prominent OEMs into the 100 cc motorcycle segment. two wheelers and three wheelers while export of passenger vehicles grew Your Company continues to be a preferred choice of fitment of OEMs marginally (source: SIAM). in most of their new launches. Many OEMs increased their fitment of The production of Medium and Heavy Commercial Vehicle (M&HCV) our tyres on their existing models also. During the year, the Company during the year has seen a very marginal growth. The bus sales that was launched ‘W’ rated Steel belted motorcycle radial tyres for the high impacted during the Covid period is bouncing back. The trailer segment performance segment, under the brand name ‘Steel Brace’. The Company is also seeing a growth every year fuelled by loading restrictions in many has also further strengthened its after market portfolio with new products markets. Electric vehicles have till now been predominantly in the bus both in the motorcycle and scooter segment. segment operated by the state transport undertakings. Various regulatory During the year, the government reduced the subsidies under the FAME 2 norms are expected to be implemented during the year 2024-25 and scheme for electric vehicles which had a short-term impact on their sales. the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEMs) have been gearing up for Subsequently the tenure of the FAME 2 scheme also ended in March,2024. the same. As a result of this, the tyre performance criteria of OEMs have The new Electric Mobility Promotion Scheme has been announced for the undergone considerable changes. period 1st April, 2024 to 30th July, 2024. Quite a few new products were launched by us both in the bias and radial Tractor Production had shown a decline of 11% in the financial year segment. This has helped us further consolidate our position with both the 2023-24. A trend was observed among Tractor OEMs of bringing out OEM and in after sales markets. newer lower HP and light weight tractor models. Tractor OEMs have The current indications are that the first half of 2024-25 would be sluggish started planning for electric tractors in the near term. During the year, and even with an anticipated recovery in the second half, the OEM the Company was able to improve and consolidate its market share in production is expected to continue to be flat if not marginally negative. Tractor OEMs. Farm mechanization is growing in India, with increased usage of laser leveller, rotavators, reapers, paddy transplanters and The passenger vehicle production has seen a growth of 7% in the year harvesters among farmers. This can lead to significant usage of higher ended March,2024. Domestic sales also recorded yet again the highest HP tractors in India in the near future. In the replacement segment, your ever sale in a financial year. The segment continued to witness preference Company continues to be the most preferred brand in the market place. for Sports Utility Vehicles (SUVs), which has now a share of more Replacement sales had shown considerable buoyancy this year. IMD has than 50% in overall sales. Despite price increases, better supplies and forecasted an above normal monsoon during the coming season which sustained consumer demand, especially for SUVs, supported sales. The would help revive the farming sector in financial year 2024-25. waiting period for many car models have come down and the stocks have improved in the dealerships. The shift to electric vehicle has intensified Tyre Industry posted a moderate growth in the financial year 2023-24 few years ago and continues this year as well. in comparison to the previous year. Recovery in the second half of the year helped Exports to retain previous year’s figures. Further, lower raw Two wheeler production showed growth for the second consecutive material prices enabled the industry to show improved profit margins. year. Motorcycle and scooter production saw good growth during the year. However, it is yet to reach the pre-Covid levels. In motorcycles, Product wise Performance the 125 cc and above segment is showing a higher growth in production ` During fiscal 2023-24, your Company achieved a total income of 24,986 and currently accounts for more than a third of the total production. A crores. There was an increase in production across all Product Groups, slew of product launches by various OEMs were seen in the segment with except Farm. In the heavy commercial vehicle product group, there was higher cubic capacity (cc). Growth has been fuelled by domestic sales 41 an increase of 9% over the previous year while light commercial vehicle Discussion on Financial Performance with respect to Operational tyres increased by around 10%. Small commercial vehicle tyres increased Performance by 12%. Passenger & SUV showed a growth of 3%. The farm product (` Crores) group de-grew by 6%. The motorcycle and scooter product group grew by 17% and 21% respectively. The Off the Road (OTR) product group 2023 - 2024 2022 - 2023 grew by 13%. Revenue from operations 24674 22578 Exports Other Income 312 248 Total Income 24986 22826 Exports business for the year 2023-24 grew in many of the key markets. Profit before tax 2739 1119 However, the overall growth was dragged down due to unfavourable regulatory restrictions and a severe shortage of forex in few other markets. Provision for tax 698 303 Towards the latter half of the year, the Red Sea crisis impacted the global Profit after tax 2041 816 shipping industry and led to a steep rise in ocean freights and container The revenue from operations of the Company for the 2023-2024 stood at availability, which also affected export shipments. Rs.24674 crores against Rs.22578 crores for the previous year ended 31st The exports turnover for the year 2023-24 was Rs. 1874 crores as against March,2023. During the year ended 31st March, 2024, the earnings before ` 1866 crores the previous year. interest and depreciation (EBIDTA) stood at Rs. 4480 crores as against Rs. 2666 crores in the previous year ended 31st March,2023. After providing Markets in Far East and the African region showed resilience. In spite of for depreciation and interest, the profit before tax for the year ended 31st severe price competition, the Company was able to maintain its volumes March, 2024 is Rs.2739 crores as compared to Rs.1119 crores in the and revenues in major markets. Categories of truck radial, light truck, farm, previous year ended 31st March 2023. After making provision for income OTR and 2 & 3 wheeler tyres showed good growth in these markets and ` tax, the net profit for the year ended 31st March, 2024 is 2041 crores as consumer preferences continue to be high. Your Company also launched against Rs.816 crores in the previous year ended 31st March,2023. a range of farm radial tyres at the Agritechnica show in Hanover, Germany in November, 2023. Key financial Ratios In the year ahead, the Company will focus on maintaining its growth In accordance with Listing Regulations, there are no significant changes in our existing strong markets and substantially develop the emerging (25% of more) in Debtors Turnover, Inventory Turnover and Current Ratio markets. as compared to previous year. The details of other Key Ratios where there is a change of 25% or more is given below: 42 Sr. No. Particulars 2023-24 2022-23 Change Explanation 1 Interest Coverage Ratio 17.24 10.20 69% Increase due to increase in EBITDA for current year 2 Debt Equity Ratio 0.05 0.07 -29% Decrease due to increase in shareholder’s equity and reduction of long term debt 3 Operating Profit Margin (%) 11.12% 4.82% 131% Increase due to increase in EBIT for current year due to raw material price reduction 4 Net Profit Margin (%) 8.17% 3.58% 128% Increase due to increase in current year profit after tax 5 Return on Net Worth (%) 13.19% 5.77% 129% Increase due to increase in current year profit after tax Opportunities and Threats and strong growth in the last 3 years. Industry body SIAM expects a 3 to 5% growth in financial year 2025. Two wheeler sales is showing signs of Indian economy displayed remarkable resilience to post better than improvement and this may continue into the current year, considering expected growth in financial year 2024 and is well poised to carry the favourable monsoon and likely improvement in rural demand. Capex momentum into the current year. Above average monsoon forecasted plans announced by leading auto companies point to higher levels of should improve rural demand and will be a tailwind for high growth in the production in the years to come. Impact on the tyre industry would also economy. Inflation is moving towards RBI’s target of 4% even though food be similar as outlined above. inflation is sticky. Possible reduction in interest rates by RBI in the second half would further aid growth and capital spend. Private sector capital Internal Control Systems and their Adequacy capex should get a boost from demand increase and potential interest Your Company has established internal control systems commensurate cost reduction. with the size and nature of business. It has put in place systems and Food inflation has not shown a meaningful improvement in the last year. controls across the Company covering various financial and operational Extreme weather events can keep food inflation elevated which may functions. Company through its own Internal Audit Department carries influence RBI’s decision on interest rates. Geo political issues can cause out periodical audits at various locations and functions based on the audit price of Oil and other commodities to spike up. In financial year 2024, plan as approved by the Audit Committee. Some of the salient features of Corporates benefited from lower commodity prices. Commodity and the Internal control systems are:- energy prices have spiked in recent weeks. (i) An integrated ERP system connecting all plants, sales offices, head Growth has so far been mainly driven by Government investments but office, etc. the pace of public investments is set to slow as Government lowers its (ii) Systems and procedures are periodically reviewed to keep pace fiscal deficit target. Sustaining of overall growth hinges on how private with the growing size and complexity of Company’s operations. investments pick up. Key things to look out for would be a broad based improvement in consumption growth and meaningful improvement in (iii) Assets are recorded and system put in place to safeguard against any private investment. losses or unauthorized disposal. Outlook (iv) Periodic physical verification of fixed assets and Inventories. Commercial vehicles is likely to show muted growth in the current year. (v) Key observations arising out of the Internal Audit are reviewed at the Growth of passenger vehicles may moderate considering the high base Audit Committee meeting and follow up action taken. 43